https://www.youtube.com/shorts/-OKgw8MEtU8

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 anybody who's in sales will understand
that it's not the words the words are 10 of it like I could give you
Chris Rock's entire routine and you could read it and it would probably
bomb it's all about the delivery getting them to practice the proper
tonality at the right points where do I where do I lower my voice so you
think this is more important right and where do I absolutely totally
understand where am I going to say something an obvious statement to
embed a belief of something that's really positive but I'm going to say
to so it's obvious and a preconceived like notion that you should
obviously know yeah right yeah and so where where am I going to use
these different tonalities to different parts of the script so that I
can be more persuasive this is just a practice so every morning the
sales team gets up I can show you my phone I have up up up up up at four
o'clock and five o'clock in the morning when they all wake up together
and they practice first thing before they you know think about their
wives before they think about their kids they practice for an hour and I
think part of that's also setting the intention for the day of like I'm
a closer I'm here to I'm here to close I'm here to make sales and I'm
not here to take orders I'm here to order people they're like you guys
wake up at four it's like yeah you don't there's no way you're gonna
beat us yeah
