https://www.youtube.com/shorts/eE833Vd0IEU

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 here's how i would present difficult
news to my spouse if i wasn't sure how they were going to take it i
would first go back to the three things that everyone has to be aligned
on we have to be aligned on where we're going how we're going to get
there and our interests along the way i would relate this because if
it's a big decision it's going to be a mission related decision this is
like what we're going to do with our lives the values pieces i'm saying
i want to get there a different way than i currently am so i might be
quitting my job i might be starting a new business it might be whatever
it is but i have to then align these are the things that we've already
agreed on my belief is that me switching this vehicle is actually more
in alignment with these values the reason that you should be making the
switch is because you think that the change you're making is more
aligned with the mission and more aligned with the values now it's up to
them to say why they don't agree with that you can still have at least
agreement on the fundamentals of discussion that you're going to have
with them if you are playing by the same rules it makes it a much more
productive conversation which then goes back to the original thing which
is you need to be aligned on mission you need to be aligned on values
and you blind on similar interests and if you are it makes everything
else easier
