https://www.youtube.com/shorts/zMyiaT\_vv7c

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 closer framework see is you clarify why
the person is there what made you get on the call what's your goal why
is that important to you what would it look like 12 months from now if
this ideal outcome where do it be achieved next you label them with a
problem so what i'm hearing is you've done x y and z and the missing
link has been x is that right yes got it i now have a problem you know i
have cancer i can cure it we're gonna overview the pain so what have you
done in the past i've done x y and z why did that not work for you
obviously it didn't work because they're on the phone with you you do
that until they have nothing left and you're like awesome and then you
recap the pain yes sell the vacation there's gonna be three stories that
you're gonna tell them they're gonna be illustrative of the thing that
you were helping them solve an example would be fitness nutrition and
accountability if i was trying to sell weight loss you're usually
missing one or two or all three of these things that's why you weren't
successful explain away their concerns think about it i have to talk to
my husband i have to check with my partner you need to overcome them
last one to reinforce the decision people back out how can we slam it on
them how can we get them super pumped that's the closer framework every
single one of these buckets has to be questions that are simple for them
to ask
