https://www.youtube.com/shorts/j6jgWTJBzRQ

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 how you manage your sales team close
your sequence is how you manage the framework call recordings if you're
not recording every single call that your people are on one you're not
compliant two you should do it because then they become more accountable
to following the script com you need to talk to your team on a regular
basis the cadence there is daily huddles weekly 101s when you do the
daily huddles all you do is you share testimonials so they remember why
they're selling from the 101s that you're doing you're going to have
them tag you in three calls their best call their worst call on their
average call you're going to ask them to show you where they clarified
the problem and then where they asked for the sale and where they
overcame objections cut you got to cut the bottom it has to be on a
regular basis competition last point sales people are competitive you
have to have a leaderboard that is published that they can see every
single day that they get notified when every other guy is making a sale
and this is volume they can see it there's activity there's action right
it's all of momentum to recap if you want really really consistent sales
use the closer framework everything has to be questions do not have
statements have 30 second stories record your calls make sure you're
sticking to the comp cadence cut the bottom percentage and keep it
competitive so they stay in it
