https://www.youtube.com/shorts/QtRTVVG150Q

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 the key point that he said is that
every business that is going to grow and be self-sustaining must have
three superstars you need to have somebody who's in charge of
acquisition you know if someone is in charge of delivery and someone
who's in charge of operations and shared services that means one person
gets new clients one person delivers on promises and the third person
keeps the first two out of jail by making sure that bills are paid and
payroll happens and legal and i.t and all the lovely things that come
with running a business that no one ever thinks about he was like if you
have three superstars then that business can grow on its own and i think
one of the biggest mistakes that i made for the vast majority of my
early business career was when i started out in my career i thought that
i just had to partner with everyone and that wasn't the right call for
me at the time because i ended up partnering with people who had the
same skill sets as me because they seemed cool and we liked the same
things but the reality is that i should have been partnering with people
who had different skill sets so i might have been the acquisition guy
because that's probably i would say my my skill set um but i should have
partnered with somebody who was really good at delivery service product
etc and had somebody who really owned the operational you know portion
of the business
