https://www.youtube.com/shorts/ceRraXW0PqA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 people are afraid of confrontation in
terms of like overcoming i believe that you can sell without ever having
confrontation and you can do that with what i like to call childlike
curiosity and so if someone says my husband's not going to approve that
i'm like i wouldn't huh that's so interesting tell me more about that
rather than like all right let's like your husband's an like that's not
going to work because in arguments no one wins right and so like why why
would he think that because because i would think that he wants what's
best for you right yeah he wants what's best does he know you're
struggling with this right now well i mean yeah he knows i'm struggling
with it okay so he wants us because he knows you're struggling with it
so why do you think he would be opposed to solving something that that
you're currently struggling with just so i understand would he be
happier if you continue to struggle well no it's like well great then
would you be opposed to moving forward today and that way and hey if you
go home to your husband and you make a joke and it lights a scenario and
then you close it right and so it's i think childlike curiosity is the
immediate that you have to train because people get defensive okay tell
me more about that and like now you're interested and then they don't
feel like you're combating them they feel like you genuinely are
interested and want to help them which is what you should be doing
