https://www.youtube.com/shorts/QwYT8iAgNR4

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 the reason that most times with
businesses that i take on in the portfolio it's actually the first step
we do is we actually narrow it most times and it's because they don't
even know who they serve and they don't know who they serve best and so
when you're starting out one of the best practices you can do is the
fancy word is a common factor analysis but basically what is what are
all the best clients we have have in common so if we take 100 clients
and we look at the top 20 because there's a pareto they're probably
responsible for 80 of the revenue anyways we look at that 20 we say what
do they all have in common and then what if we only sold that amount of
people and we sold now the same hundred but they were all of that twenty
percent right well we would five x our revenue same operational drag
because it's the same size company but we're selling better customers i
get on with entrepreneurs all the time and they're like i think i've
saturated my market and i'm like all right what's your revenue they're
like two million bucks a year i'm like okay the market you're serving is
a 60 billion dollar industry and you are making two million dollars a
year do you feel like it's like do you feel like like you might be
premature or you just don't know how to get more customers they're like
well i guess i don't know how to get more customers like that's a
problem that's solvable so let's solve that
