https://www.youtube.com/shorts/emTw8HEmQFs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i contemplated i had to die to my
father who died on myself and i realized that i would rather die to him
and so my fears were relatively justified he was not in support of the
things that i wanted to do i ended up quitting that job sold everything
i had packed my car went to california because that's where i thought
the land of fitness opportunity was because that was the only thing i
really enjoyed mentored under a guy for a few months to try and at least
learn the ropes started my first facility slept on the floor for the
first nine months which was a very terrible experience for me two years
and that was really at the time it was at the a splitting point where i
had done two years and the kind of career path traditionally is like two
to four years of management consulting and then you go back to an ivy
league for your gmat and then from there you go into do investment
banking you can do private equity you can do you know some of the bigger
white collar jobs but i just didn't i didn't want more of what i had i
thought that i would have a better shot taking 200 000 in two years
which is what the you know economic equivalent of what the degree was
and starting something on my own i figured i would learn more in the
first two years and with that money and maybe even have a business by
the end of that period of time that made an equivalent amount of money
compared to what i would have had as a job offer
