https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42SOlVhDwWE

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i want to talk about how
to close a higher percentage of deals and how to close more deals
overall and it's all sent around a single concept which is the belief
continuum all right and so if you think about this visual that i have
right here so you've got your salesman here and you've got your prospect
here right and you see this bubble that i put over head the prospect has
no bubble inside it's completely empty and they might have a negative
bubble as well and then you've got the salesman who's got his belief
bubble so many people like to think like do you believe in what you are
selling right they ask the question as though it's a binary answer yes
or no i believe or i don't believe but it would be much more accurate to
say to what extent do you believe in right because belief is not a
binary question it is a continuum it is how much do you believe in what
you are selling because if you thoroughly 100 believe with all of your
heart and mind that what you are selling is true i guarantee you that
you will sell significantly more and so what i want to show you is these
two equations that i wrote down as simple equations for how to actually
sell many people focus i would say a disproportionate amount of people
focus on the skill of selling and there absolutely is a skill to sales
you have to know exactly what to say you have to

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 know how to say it but you can shortcut
that path to success by having conviction and the way that you have
conviction is by a dramatically understanding the needs of your
prospects so that when you are talking to somebody you know exactly what
their problem is so that if your product perfectly matches their problem
you can have conviction in order to sell it most salespeople don't even
listen to the prospect at all and simply want to deliver their pitch
which inherently means that they can't believe in the product that much
because they're not even thinking about whether it solves the problem
for the prospect because you can't be convicted that it's going to solve
the problem if you don't even know what the problem is and so they
haven't taken any time to understand the prospect most sales training is
currently focused on educating salesmen around the product when it
should be most time focused on educating the salesmen around the
prospect and their problems not the product all right key understanding
shift that has to happen when you're educating a sales team and or
yourself especially if you're entering a market that you are not the

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 avatar right one of the reasons that
many successful businesses happen from somebody who suffered from a pain
and then went to go solve it for themselves and then ended up solving it
for other people is because they desperately and they so clearly
understand the thoughts needs and pains of the prospect and they know
how the product solves those problems the first equation here is for
increasing closing percentage and so if it's you that's selling or if
it's a sales team that's selling it's the skill of sales multiplied by
the extent to which you believe it is not yes i believe no i believe
this number can be a hundred right and the thing is is that i believe
that this number of conviction can grow far higher than what skill can
give you you can be a very skilled salesman but let's say the skill of
sales is one to ten right i'll put this on here so who can see it let's
say your skills tails can be one to ten i believe that your skill your
your beliefs around conviction can be one to a hundred right so even if
your skill of sales is a two you could have a hundred belief and i
guarantee you that you will close

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 because people can sense whether you
believe what you are telling them is true and they believe that what you
are selling them is going to solve their problem right and so most
people most sales teams most sales managers do not focus enough on this
bubble which is conviction which is this part of the equation right if
you think about what sales is it's fundamentally a transference of
belief and so how can you how can you transfer an empty cup how can you
transfer a cup that is only one third full into another empty cup and
expect it to be over the threshold of the amount of belief that's
required for a prospect to make a purchasing decision of course not
right and so we still try and get the person to say a certain thing or
pause in this way or have this tonality or this emphasis and that is
important right and there's definitely a place for that you have to have
the basis of sales in place but a much much bigger lever that is often
and most underutilized or unutilized at all is the conviction or the
extent to which the salesman believes in what they are selling and to
what extent it can help solve the

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 prospects problems all right and so
that will influence the closing percentage of an individual or team the
second piece is going to be the work ethic right so a lot of people have
probably seen really good closers versus really bad closers based on
their closing percentage but also total number of deals closed
personally when you have somebody who has really high work ethic then
they can make up for a lower closing percentage by having more activity
so that means that they are following up with their pipeline faster they
are following up more times right they are reaching out to people on
their own in their own time to give themselves more opportunities and
they can compensate for a lower closing percentage by simply having more
at bats right and so if you think about the expert salesman as having
these two things together which is you want to have a high closing
percentage and you want to have lots of units sold all right and so
there's three variables here you've got skill you've got conviction and
you've got work ethic but conviction counts twice because if you believe
that what you are selling is genuinely going to help people you will
follow up faster you will fall more religiously you will follow up as

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 though you were trying to help someone
and so let me let me ask you this question as a is a good mental thought
process if you could go back in time let's say you could go back in time
five years and you could talk to yourself and say hey i want you to put
a hundred percent of the money that we have right now mind you you
couldn't tell the person that is you your past self that you are you in
the future right so you you can't say anything like that but in this
thought experiment and you went back in time and you said hey we've got
this money in the bank account i want you to put 100 of money into this
thing called bitcoin or hey i want you to put 100 money into something
called amazon i want you put all that money into tesla or whatever right
something that blew up over the last five years all right if you were to
tell yourself that let's say you were talking to you and you were like
um i'm good thanks right how many times would you follow up with
yourself to get yourself to do that thing or do that action or make that
investment a lot and it's because you truly believe that it would solve
your prospects problem and you have pure conviction

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 that what you are selling them the
investment the opportunity that whatever it is is 100 going to work
think about how you would approach that how many times would you follow
up how how convicted would you be when you spoke would you even be
focused on the skill of selling or would you be focusing on how true
what you say is and if you can make that perspective shift and if you're
a sales manager and you're trying to manage a sales team i would implore
you to focus way more of your time around the thing that counts twice in
the equation of selling and creating great sales people which is the
belief to which the extent the extent to which they believe what they
are selling and to whom they are selling then boring with the with the
uh the monotony of the skill which which don't get me wrong it is very
important to sell there's lots of videos that you've probably heard
where i talk about the skill of sales but i think when you when you rate
this and you were in a forced multiplication standpoint i don't think
that they are equated i don't think they are equivalent right and the
the proof that i have in this is that if you look at every single
religious you know movement you are selling something very hard to sell
which is a

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 completely new frame of view around the
world the people who believe this many times they don't train them in
the skill of selling they just get them to believe wholeheartedly in
what they are selling right and so if your salesman and your sales team
are not drinking the kool-aid quite literally of the products that you
sell or the services that you sell then that is your problem not whether
or not they are clarifying the problem the beginning now they should
because they should be listing and they should believe they want to
should make sure that the the prospect is is going to be best served by
this right but big picture if you fix this everything else will happen
and i'll tell you this is the one last story around this if you believed
wholeheartedly in the the solution that you are selling would you not
then spend lots of time honing your skill probably because you would
want to help more people because you believe in the thing that you were
selling them right you would you not if you believe in this thing
wholeheartedly follow up with as many people as possible be quick to
respond because you know how much it's going to change their life
probably and so i think that just like

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 simon sinek says start with why i
believe that the skill of sales is fundamentally a transference of
belief and we do need to start with why for salespeople because it is
not a question of whether or not they believe it is an ext it is the
question of to what extent do they believe and if you can get that to
100 you will never have problems selling ever again so hope you found
this valuable click subscribe lots of love and i'll see in the next
video
