https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw6kJkVcTL0

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone it is alex
from rosa here from gym launch allen prestige labs you get 110 million
in revenue and have absolutely nothing to sell you so if right now
you're in a vehicle uh or a business and it's not growing the way you
want to grow you're looking at other people who are doing the same thing
as you and you want to do better or better than them or as good as them
then i would like to share uh kind of the nuggets from a conversation i
had yesterday with an agency owner um who was kind of struggling with
the same thing so they they're they're an agency owner they're in the
real estate space and you've been doing this for a year and a half ish
and he's like at what point do i throw in the talent switch industries
right and this was an awesome conversation because um the honest truth
is you're not that good that's why you're not making money like just
like let that sit for a quick second like the reason you're not making
money is because you're not that good and that's okay because it
wouldn't be reasonable for you to be good because you just started right
and started is in the business like you're not 30 years in the business
you've been

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 there for a year right and so like is
it reasonable to believe that you're gonna have a top one percent income
only having been in a game where other people have been doing it for 20
20 years we're in the top one percent probably not right and so the
question is then how do you how do you skip through that so the first is
asking do i think that the vehicle that i am in is viable and so the
easiest way to do that is look around and see if there are other people
in the industry that are doing what you're doing and if they are
succeeding that means that it is possible and therefore it is possible
for you so the next piece is understanding the depth of the value uh and
the skills that are required to be successful and so let me give you a
quick example of this i'll give you a theoretical example then i'll
drive it home with the the the real estate thing so for those of us in
the you know the u.s we have one word for snow it's snow right um
eskimos uh this is from what i heard they anybody any of you guys are
eskimos you can let me know if this is true or false but from what i
understand they have seven different words for snow all right it's
because the different types of snow and

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 you could reason that eskimos
understand snow better than we do because it's literally all they have
and so the nuance that they have for what snow is is more delineated
right and so when i was talking to this um real estate agent agency uh i
was like so why are your clients not staying on the obvious answer is
they're not making money but he's like but he's like some clients we
kill it with some clients we don't kill it for he's like i got one guy
who's doing 250 000 a month um just using the leads that we send him and
i was like right that's because of him and not you think about it i was
like all right so what is that person doing that's different than the
rest of your clients right he's like from what i understand i mean he's
just it's just he's just calling him up and i was like that would be the
same thing as looking at what i do all day and just saying yeah i mean
alex just makes money just hops on meetings

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 there's a little bit more to it than
that right it's the depth of the understanding it's looking at the sky
and saying oh it's white it's snowing right when in reality an expert
says oh there's seven different types of snow and this is subtype a
right if if you were to ask me how do i make you know like there's only
free offers and non-free offers i'd be like no there's 19 types of ways
to monetize the word free like oh alex might know more about that right
it's because i have more volume the guys who are the eskimos see snow
every day and so they've been doing it their whole lives and of course
they have more delineation for what types of snow there are and so the
solution for this particular owner was this is what i would recommend to
him he may or may not do this but it will be the thing that will make
him successful is i was like fly out to the guys doing 250 000 a month
off of your leads and soak up everything how many times does he call in
what intervals what's the first thing he says on the phone what's the
intonation how does he follow up right after the phone call where where
does he meet them how soon does he meet them is the meeting in

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 person is it a zoom call or is it is it
you know is it a phone call is he setting up for someone else when they
do show up what's the contract look like what does that conversation
look like how does he walk around the room when he positions himself and
presents the contract when he orders the houses for the showing how does
he order them does he order the most expensive one first then something
else second and then the one he wants to sell them like what's the
process looking and then after the person says yes how does he close the
deal out and make sure that he's getting paid he's like well i don't
know any of that stuff it was like right and that's why you're not
making money i was like if you were the top absolutely if you knew more
about how to make real estate agents money we wouldn't be having this
conversation because you'd be making them money right and so everyone's
unwilling to do the thing which is to to plant the roots right you got
to plant the roots deep and the only way to have that level of certainty
because if someone says that to him these leads are crap right for
example he could look back at them and say no they're not you're doing
it wrong because he has the certainty and the conviction that he has
done it

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 and he knows that and that there's only
two ways to have that level of conviction you can either be a sociopath
and lie or you can have done it there is no other trick right like i
could speak with confidence in saying that i know that gym launch is
better at serving gyms because we have more seven-figure gyms than most
people that have in their entire freaking franchises right i have 1500
success stories i know our stuff works right and so i can have that
conviction like there's just there's no question about it i did 33
turnarounds for two years right two years i spend in my hotel rooms
everyone forgets about that stuff like how do we learn how to sell
supplements so well because i i would stand in front of a room of
complete strangers and day after day after day i would close these rooms
full of people to buy supplements right and the first six months i did
it i didn't close anyone because i couldn't figure out how to sell them
and then i stumbled into one success and then another success another
success and then it became a system and it became so repeatable i could
do it in my sleep right but we were like well what's the

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 hack right now you can learn from
somebody who's already learned that that's how you fast track success i
was on the same call and there was um a lady on there who who said um i
might have been her but it was the point is if you can't learn from
other people's failures then it means that you are literally going to
have to make every single mistake yourself which is possibly the
stupidest thing you can do like you obviously should learn from your own
mistakes but wise people learn from other people's mistakes and even
better they learn from other people's successes right i someone
yesterday who was on that same call say like well i don't know if that
like what you're saying is is right for xyz i'm like who do you think
has more perspective about snow this is your first winter i've been
living in alaska for the last 20 years like i was like if you absolutely
want to go make the mistake you can absolutely go make it i was like but
it's stupid as right think about it and so to wrap this up in terms of
like if you

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 were not seeing the success that you
believe that you were quote owed which you're not owed anything right
then you have to you you are you are you earn the success and you get it
through doing and it like i was talking to another guy yesterday who's
an entrepreneur they're doing a few million bucks a month right and it
was funny because hearing his story is the same story it's the same
story that every successful entrepreneur has the same story so listen to
it and if it's not your story then it's why you're not where you want to
be every single successful entrepreneur has a rocky cut scene they have
a two-year four-year six-year period of time where no one talks about it
and they did the same thing over and over and over and over again and
then finally they have mastery and then at that point they transfer that
skill to a new opportunity a new vehicle and then they blow up overnight
that's how it happens

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 all right the guy that i was speaking
with yesterday has an amazing selling system he's very good at building
sales teams that are both outbound and inbound right great guy how did
he learn how to do it he saw all these leads that were happening online
all these opt-ins that no one was calling for for digital products and
he's like and he was a good sales person at that point he said i'll bet
you i can figure out a way to get these people to buy and what did he do
he started picking up the phone and every day he would do hundreds of
dials hundreds of dials to these lists that were just plowing through
that no one was talking to and then he finally figured out how to get
him to say yes to the first phone call and then he figured out how to
set them for the second call and then he figured out how to make the
offer on the next call and close him right but it took a all the time of
learning how to sell which took him years and then he applied it to a
new vehicle and then did more reps with his initial skill and then he
learned a system and then once he applied that system he was able to
show other people et cetera right he blew up for me i did 4 000 sales

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 consultations 4 000 000 thousand all
right sales consults in person it's a lot and so so it's like when we
talk about sales stuff the nuances are evident the difference between
somebody who just talks about sales that you've seen in a video right
and somebody that you can that someone's who's providing excessive value
is because of the nuance that you only learn through repetition right
from actually putting time under the bar which is the word that i use
from the fitness space like you have to put your time under the bar
there is no shortcut i was on a podcast where they were asking me
they're like it seems like you've you've you know you've had this this
great success really quickly quick is relative right but um he was like
and if if the people who are listening want to shortcut that success
what do they do and i was like you're not that's the answer you're not
going to because the the skill is the base of the pyramids the
foundation right if your foundation's this small because you only spent
six months doing

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 a rocky cut scene then the peak of
that pyramid is small but you give me a base that's like this and it's
hundreds of feet deep you can build a skyscraper taller than anything
you've ever seen right but the foundation is the piece that no one can
take from you no one can take my experiences from it right and the
skills that were shaped from that and so right now if you're not seeing
what you want to see it's because you haven't put the time in you have
put the time into the bar you haven't gotten the reps in you haven't
done the volume right and so if you see someone that is doing something
better than you then go and observe and then execute right iterate sorry
um replicate before you iterate go do it and then until you can do it as
well as them don't change anything once you can do it as well as them or
better than them then you've earned the right to iterate on someone
else's system that is my advice so this was a passionate one for you um
it was just because it stemmed from so many conversations have
culminated this if you want to figure out how to how a chiropractor is
doing well

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 go to chiropractors are doing well and
offer to work for free all right now you're not going to work for free
for me i get a dm i get two dm's a day like hey man i'll work for free
if i can just spend time with you no you have no value to provide to me
don't ask right but there are other people who are who are probably
closer you know i mean like go message bill gates and say hey bill uh
you know i'll work really hard and i'll i'll stand next to you he's not
gonna accept that like no person who's who's like really really making
money is ever like because you're just going to literally take from them
you have no value to provide right instead have value can provide which
might be like working the front desk it might be cleaning the facility
might be doing anything so that you can be around a business owner and
then you can learn skills that you can then apply all right like when i
when we did the gym turnarounds i worked the front desk for 33 different
gyms it's a lot of gyms right and so i got a feeling for how how the
floor is laid out how the lobbies need to be laid out how you can
maximize your sales how you can have

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 more guys selling in the same space
right all those things happen because of time under the bar so i'm
spending 20 years in alaska looking at snowfall after snow after
snowfall and saying ah that's the detail oh when you pick up the phone
say it like this right because i tried it that way it didn't work right
and if you have to go ram your head on the wall and not learn from other
people's mistakes that's dumb so yes moral of the story is put the time
in you will you will achieve your success faster by taking the year or
two of rocky cutscene and then blowing up look at how everyone else's
successes they didn't blow up like they didn't they didn't just blow up
right there's there's the rocky cutscene period if you haven't had that
period you probably won't blow up so just start putting the time in now
to get your rocky cut scene done to have the skill that you can then
apply to the new opportunity that arises the sales guys opportunities
you figured out outbound calls where there's a huge gold mine right for
me i figured out there apparently there's a lot of gyms who

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 wanted to learn how to get customers
right profitably i didn't know i figured everyone was opening their full
capacity i didn't know right and then it turns out a lot of people
wanted to have that right um billy gene who i talk about all the time he
did cold calling for three years or two years before he ever started
marketing right that was the rocky cut scene periods where he sharpened
his sword that's where he learned how to sell right and so all of these
things right look at your path look at the rocky cut scene that you have
or haven't done and just get it done and then after that you'll build
the base of the pyramid so you can have the peak that you want rather
than consistently building off of a peak a foundation that's this big
and never being able to pass five or ten thousand dollars a month right
because you haven't earned it right and the marketplace knows that they
can delineate between who really has trench knowledge and who is
pretending and that's pretty much it so that's all i got for you happy
wednesday keep being awesome catch you soon bye
