1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 six years ago i told clients of jim
launch that they should stop making content because they were wasting
their time i was partially right and partially wrong and in this video i
want to break down the shift that i've had in terms of content marketing
and its role within a business the five phases in building a content
marketing machine and how to focus on one of two primary objectives with
content marketing and so if you don't know who i am my name is alex
mosey i own acquisition.com we're full of companies right now does over
150 million dollars a year but i have nothing to sell you i make these
videos because i hope that you use the stuff you make a bunch of money
and then you come and join acquisition.com so we can invest in your
business that's why i do it let's rock and roll with the phases of
content i'm going to walk through the five phases and then i'm going to
talk about which of the objectives you're solving for each of these and
then finally like of an out scale version all right phase one is you
make something and you post it that's it you just gotta post something
sometime somewhere and believe it or not a lot of you guys haven't even
done phase one which is why i have to outline it number two is that you
post something consistently you create a cadence or a calendar around
when you post you find a platform that

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 you like ideally one that you're
probably already using and you just post again after you post it once
and you say you know what this was seven days apart if i do this every
seven days i will now be consistent for me i just know that there's one
day a week that i do all my marketing stuff what i do on that day
changes but it's always marketing related but that's what's worked for
me maybe it'll work for you the third phase you post you post reliably
and you do it on all platforms that's a massive increase in the amount
of volume that you are posting this is when it transitions in terms of
objectives and i'll get to the objectives in a second phase four is that
you go from posting just even once on every platform on a regular
cadence to maximizing how much every platform can take the short form
platforms can take sometimes five ten posts a day like twitter or tick
tock facebook reels at this moment rules change all the time if you have
a news feed style or you have an audience that is pushing stuff to they
tend to fatigue faster and they don't want to get overwhelmed with one
person that's usually where you get capped at it one or two times a day
and so what you have to do is look at all the platforms figure out what
the max amount is that you can publish on a platform and then

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 all you do is you crank the volume on
all of them at the same time that's phase four most people never even
get to phase four and then phase five you go from creating for all of
those to capturing and creating for example if i wanted to have a show
where everybody called in and then i could repurpose all that stuff
across content that would be me deliberately creating content in a way
across all those channels but not only creating but also capturing so
that i could further enhance my reach in the amount of volume that i
created and the big rule with volume that i have is that there's no such
thing as too long only too boring the second rule that i have is quality
over quantity but quality quantity wins over quality in order to know
what is quality it usually takes reps to get good and so you will
probably do a lot in the beginning and it will probably suck comma and
that's okay because it is a requisite for getting good you start by
sucking and then you get better and then eventually you suck so little
you're actually good the difference between phase one and two and phase
three four five is the objective if you're doing phase three four five
the objective is to generate new customers from content and it's
different than phase one and phase two

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 where the only reason you can do that
is just to have lead nurture just to give you guys some sales stuff just
to give you guys some fodder and just test some hooks those are the five
phases if you're a small business owner that costs time and that costs
money so what do you do i actually have had this conversation with
probably half of our portfolio companies in the last three months what
is the role of organic marketing play in the business from concept of
acquiring customers that's why we do this though right we do this to
acquire customers if you have other ways of getting customers which for
most of you would be manual outbound affiliates or paid ads besides
referrals and if those are the primary channels you do not want to take
your eye off the ball on that that's what's paying the bills that being
said the purpose or the objective of having the organic content is lead
nurture not lead generation so what happens is someone comes in through
an affiliate someone comes in through a paid ad someone comes in through
a manual app on because you had an sdr call them or they got a cold
email what do they do they look at your social profile they look at your
website and they say is this person legit the only litmus test you have
to pass there is that you've posted something recently that's not \[
\_\_ \] that's really it they'll probably consume two three four pieces
of content and say this guy or this gal

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 knows what they're talking about this
is recent enough that i know that they're still in business this is a
legitimate business that's all we're trying to accomplish here and if
you do start to have content that starts performing better than others
that gives you two things one is it gives the sales guys content that
they can proactively feed to the prospects and so what you should build
is a master excel sheet of your best content of all time because there
is some content that you've made knowingly or unknowingly that convinces
more people to buy from you on that content sheet you'll have what are
the faqs what are the types of questions that people ask on sales calls
which gives you great fodder for the types of content you'll make in the
future and again you do it for one for the sales team and two for
marketing you do it for the sales team because as soon as they have that
question they can send that as a reply between call 1 and call 2 to
close a prospect or if they have the question that they found out before
the call they can send it to them beforehand increase the likelihood
they close but that's the first tangential benefit besides nurture that
making this content helps you with the second one is that it gives you
an idea of what you can start leading with on your paid side they're
disproportionately saving it disproportionately sharing it when you run
paid ads you can look at your organic content like dude i don't know

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 what it is people went nuts for this if
for some reason this headline or this hook worked well you weave it into
every one of your cold emails and you can split test it and say wow this
beat our control and so think of the the content you're making as just
low risk ways of testing hooks and headlines to get people to buy from
you phase one and phase two if you're in one of those camps you don't
need to do anything else that's it that's all you gotta do if you wanna
know what it looks like to actually use content marketing as a way to
generate leads phase three which is your posting once a week or on some
cadence on all platforms the purpose of phase three is learning what
packaging looks like on each of the platforms if you've ever seen that
meme that had like tinder linkedin facebook and like instagram platforms
are all a little bit different same person just packaged a little
differently this tweet here then getting put into a tick tock then also
getting put into a youtube short and then also getting put into a reel
it's the same concept the same subject matter but we package it a little
bit differently phase fours you then say great i feel like we finally
get each of these platforms and this \[ \_\_ \] takes time it takes
probably six months and

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 this is if you have means to pay for
the stuff i'll get into the cost in a second maxing out the platforms
which is phase four number five is actively creating so candidly right
now i'm barely scratching phase five we're actually just dialing on
phase four which is maximizing across all platforms we're not really
there yet we're maxed out on probably half the platforms unless you know
that's what we're doing right with three four five you're actually
making good enough content that the platforms are serving it to new
audiences because they are able to grow the amount of time people spend
on the platform because your stuff is good they pay you an impressions
for providing value to their audience more followers more likes all that
stuff you still have to have a way to convert those people into
customers and so the way to do that is just having call to actions for
example if you're a business doing three million dollars or more and
you're an internet business go to acquisition.com you can fill out the
stuff for minority investment that's what we do put that into your
content and then the rest of your time you're just providing value you
don't need to get fancy with it you don't want to be one of those guys
who's just pitching all the time a lot of people oversell the small
amount of demand they have so they can never grow the audience the more
you give the more you grow the more

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 you take the more you shrink and when
you do it that way you never go hungry because you always have more
people knocking on your door than you have seating in your in your house
from a cost perspective there's time cost there's long-term costs and
there's money cost if you start doing content as your way of getting
customers expect it to take a long time i started making content for
acquisition.com about 18 months before we really started seeing any kind
of deal flow or growth across the platforms if you think about this as a
long term play i still believe that fame is the most efficient business
model all right it's one of the best ways to arbitrage making money but
it takes time and no one's willing to wait which then gives you a
competitive advantage because patience is one of the ultimate advantages
is that you're just willing to do things for an unreasonably long period
of time without thinking you're smarter than you really are a quote from
neil strauss even at phase three it's going to be pretty much beyond
your capacity to actually create capture edit and distribute across all
platforms you're not gonna be able to do it on your own and so you need
some degree of leverage that leverage is gonna come in the form of labor
you're gonna have to pay people to help you out in the beginning the
more costly way of doing it but faster is to have vendors so to have
people who are specialists on

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 each of these platforms because what
they're going to do is get you up to speed five times faster they're
gonna already know all the mistakes that people normally make now one
thing they have to look out for for vendors and this is especially
important you know for me is that most vendors are data driven and what
i mean by that is they get obsessed with clicks and views and
impressions and subscribers that's good to a degree it's okay to be
satisfied with a smaller audience that's just the type of person that
you're actually looking to attract it's hard to make the shift and it's
really hard to ram it down their throats because most clients that pay
them only care about those things because they don't know what else to
measure just because it's easy to quantify doesn't mean it's important
the values that you have the messages that you want to get out there who
you're trying to reach will be more important than the quantitative
metrics are those good litmus tests in terms of if nothing you ever have
hits yeah you should probably pay attention to that but if only one
specific type of thing hits and it's not core to who you are you got to
be able to resist that temptation because otherwise you're going to
build this audience doing stuff you don't want to do attracting people
you don't want to be with for us to put out the stuff that we put out
right now across all platforms for layla and i cost about 70

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 000 a month that's to put out roughly
160 pieces of content a week you're like oh my god like i know it's a
lot that's because we're trying to promote we're using this instead of
using paid ads so if i were to just pay for the impressions it would
cost me about 2 million a month to get the impressions that right now
cost me about 70 000 a month i have a lot of cost savings doing it
organically the lever on that though is how good you are and that's
tough and it probably sounds weird for me to even say this so take it
the way that you probably or hopefully know that i mean it most people
talk about stuff that they don't have the right to talk about just
because you call yourself an expert doesn't make it true and so the
question is how narrowly can i define the problem that i solve so that
in that tiny world in that pond i am king you might not be the best
business person in the world i'm not but the question is of all the
sources of information that are both entertaining and educational is the
stuff that you put out there good enough that people are like i will pay
attention to this person because if you've ever struggled to give away
your services for free it's because the biggest cost isn't your price if
people https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MD5-HByRxoA

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 aren't willing to pay for it with
their attention then it has other costs which is it's not worth their
attention why should this person listen to me and why is this worth
their time if you can answer those questions in the content that you're
making in a tangible way that their life is going to get better as a
result they'll come back and tell their friends i'm not andy for cell
i'm not gary vee i'm not at my led i'm not all closing in on a billion
dollars plus i'm not crank cardone well don't try and compete with them
but if you're like hey i'm the fastest toilet fixer in this side of
tuscaloosa you might only be competing in three guys if you have
evidence you are beyond reproach if someone looks at you and says like
hey man your content's crap you can be like this is how you fix toilets
i'll try and be more entertaining next time but this is how you fix them
and you have evidence that you fix 500 toilets this way first you're
fixing toilets and then you're talking about how you can expand a
plumbing business and then you're talking about how you can expand a
local business and then you're talking about marketing on whatever
specific method you use to grow your thing and then you're talking about
expanding and enterprise then lo and behold you're a business expert but
it takes time if you're a small business owner you can do the first two
phases just post about stuff make sure it's valuable just to make sure
that you are a legitimate looking business that looks like its

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 doors say open on it that's all we're
trying to accomplish and help the sales guys out if you want to make
content marketing your actual lead generation machine then you need to
invest in it the same way you invest in it for paid marketing you're
going to probably have to have vendors you're probably over time you
learn from your vendors you're going to bring employees in house and
you're going to teach it to them and then you start scaling the volume
up internally and then phase 5 you go max out mode right you start
cranking out on everything and then you start creating stuff
specifically but when you're doing that at that phase you probably don't
need to worry about this video
