https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHnVItVGJPA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to tell you the
number one way to increase the percentage of sales that get closed by
you and your team through a systematic process and if you don't know who
i am my name is alex romizzy i own acquisition.com it's a portfolio of
service coaching e-learning info businesses that do about 85 million a
year and i have nothing to sell you and so the reason i want to make
this is years ago i was recruited to bring in or to be brought in and
flown in for a sales consulting gig which i don't do and it was years
ago but the team was selling mortgage leads and so they wanted me to do
is the first half of the day i i took apart the the actual sales script
and rescript everything kind of reframe the offer all that kind of stuff
and the second half of the day i was supposed to uh train the team and
so after spending the first half on that talking to the founders all
that kind of stuff the second half they had a nine person team and they
were selling mortgage leads and when i walked in the first thing that i
asked the team was hey and they were like hey this guy john's been kind
of a problem i was like okay cool i was like hey john how good are the
leads whole team's there it's quiet ever like pressure's on john

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 he's like well i mean they're uh and i
was like i'm good thanks so much and everyone was like what is happening
i was like dude i can give you the best script in the world i was like
but if you don't believe in the product i was like none of this is gonna
matter i said if you believed in the leads i was like you wouldn't even
need the script because if you were to ask me the same question and i
truly believe that these leads were amazing i would be like dude these
leads are sick i mean right now my my cousin is a realtor and i'm
sending her leads right now because she's already building so much of a
pipeline from it i'm actually studying for a realtor exam so that i can
so i can buy these leads from this company and not even sell these but
sell houses instead right because houses have a bit bigger ticket than
these leads do and so for me like i'm just basically waiting to get
through to that point so that i can move out on my own but yeah i mean
these leads are awesome so the way that you talk about the products that
you have will indicate the level of conviction that you have and the
best sales people are true believers and you that's why a lot of great
salesmen come from clients who've used the products and services if

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 it makes sense for them you know for
for their life and whatnot and so people will believe like if you think
about what sales really is it's a transference of conviction and so
you've got some person who doesn't believe one person who does believe
and trust is what completes the transfer and you have to duplicate the
conviction in this person and this person and so if a salesperson
doesn't believe in the product they have no way to transfer the
conviction because they have no baseline of conviction to work off and a
different version of this happens when people start hot they do really
well and all of a sudden they start not selling as well it's not because
they don't know how to sell and training is not the thing that's going
to fix the problem because they're already closing before and they're
not closing now it means they've changed something and oftentimes it's
because they've heard something from one of the prospects that they sold
that something was not good and so the way to prevent this and to
actively increase conviction which is what's going to change the way
they say the words on the script is by actively having a process to make
them believe and so obviously

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 the way to make a believe is to
actually have a good product but in terms of systematizing that it's
having a regular cadence between customer success and sales so this is
me getting a little bit operational with you but this is how it works
you meet weekly and you have both teams on and the people from customer
success share the wins of the clients who are going through the program
that's on a weekly basis it's a long form format it also serves as as a
way for them to talk back and forth to each other the sales team can see
what's happening on the customer success sites customer system i can see
what's happening on the sales side and you create cross-departmental
knowledge which is really useful because the sales team knows not to say
some things because people are misunderstanding them and the success
team is giving the sales team ammunition for the things that they know
that they're doing to deliver that makes them more convicted on top of
that you should have a pipeline that is established for customers where
you can collect testimonials and reviews and what you do is in the best
case scenario you have that client hop on with the sales team and
explain their story and i can tell you this because me firsthand one of
the things that i realized when i looked at our stats was that on
saturdays and particular saturdays we

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 were closing like 100 percent of people
were walking in the door and i was like huh what's different about these
days at my facilities versus the days that we're not you know we're
closing a normal amount and it turned out that those days were the days
that we would actually do the way outs for our program so people would
finish their six week or their 12 weeks or whatever it was and we would
do all the way outs on the same day and so it's kind of like a
graduation ceremony so everyone steps on they're crying they're losing
weight they feel amazing but all of my team was there and so when we had
sales consults that were that morning or throughout the graduation day
or right after the graduation well it's all fresh in their mind they
would when someone walk in it's like the sales took half as long because
the belief and the conviction was so strong in the salesman it overcame
the fears and the doubts of the prospect right and so in a lot of ways
you have to compensate for lack of conviction with training and you know
learning logical based frameworks and and learning how to have excellent
conversation right that help people make decisions but if you truly
believe and

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 if you think about how we buy things as
prospects we buy these things because somebody recommends them and we
believe the person like think about an organic buying process right
someone says hey have you gone to that sandwich shop it's awesome like
you're like well great i'm gonna go there right like why would i not and
so the closer you can have the trust so that when you make the
recommendation it's like having a referral the person will believe you
because the way you are saying it is believable and the way to make it
believable is to actually believe it and so having a structured process
of increasing the conviction of the sales team is a way to massively
increase the closing percentages of your team not based on skill but
based on heart and so if you can bridge that gap between the customer
success and the sales team and you can do that both internally and
externally internally because you have processes externally because you
get those customers on the call so they can hear the stories but also
you and the sales directors can read those testimonials every single day
to them in the morning and i like that because it

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 sets the cadence for the day because it
reminds us why we do what we do on a regular basis why am i taking these
calls why am i knocking on these doors why am i setting up shop and and
collecting leads at the whole food so that i can so we can make sales
later like why am i doing this i'm doing this so that i can be a part of
this transformation these people are going through as a result of
whatever products and services we sell and so the sales team probably
more like customer support and sales i feel like are very similar in
that they get beat up all day long and sales people especially so this
is for the founders and the ceos are going out there and they're
fighting for you every single day they're the front line in my opinion
they're the offensive line of the team they're just pushing they're in
the in the trenches moving the ball forward every you know one two yards
at a time they're chipping away at it let's see if i can get this camera
back and they're pushing your products forward every single day on your
behalf and so the biggest thing that a sales director and if you're the
sales director because your business is smaller is that you have to
breathe

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 conviction into them because their
conviction can wane over time and it's a cup that has to be refilled
because it's that conviction that they're spreading to all the prospects
and the thing is the prospects are spreading doubt into them and so you
have to fill it up from your side so that they can become diluted and
then get refilled right which is why a good sales person comes in they
can crush and all of a sudden they start going down it's not because of
skill because they already had the skills they already knew how to they
already knew how to close when they came in the problem was their mojo
was off mojo mojo mojo and so this video is fundamentally about fixing
mojo within a sales team which is just getting them to believe and
reminding them to believe which is why one of the biggest sayings i have
in sales is we need to be reminded more than we need to be taught people
who believe in something automatically sell it and i'll give you a final
final example to drive this point home i'll just use the the christian
community overall or really just any kind of religious community in
general a big part of most faiths is spreading the faith and you can
tell when someone truly believes the faith they're on fire with the face
because

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 they they truly believe it and it's not
like people go through sales training right to bring people to faith
they just truly believe in it and if you've ever been around someone who
has absolute conviction because conviction and this is a key point is
not do you believe in the product do you not believe in the product but
to what extent do you believe in the product how much and how deeply do
you believe that is the predictor of your ability to close a massive
predictor of your ability to close which is why so many founders are
always some of the best promoters for their businesses because they
believe in it more than everyone else and they should be but you can
duplicate that ability in getting other people to believe by having a
process in place to do so and understanding that the training the
blocking tackling in terms of like say this and that and say this and
that sure it's important it's good to have those they're tools right
they're tools that you have in your tool belt but the fundamental work
ethic that someone will fight and their desire to actually help someone
is the difference between them thinking about themselves

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 so they can get their commission check
and then thinking about the prospect and how this person is missing out
on something that's genuinely going to help them and really transform
their life and really solve the problems that they have and they will
fight for the sale so much longer because they genuinely want this
person to win because they genuinely believe that your products and
services are actually going to help them and so bridging that gap and
understanding this for myself was so important because a lot of times we
get obsessed with the drills and all that stuff and you have to do that
stuff for sure you have to drill you have to understand how to say the
words all that kind of stuff but the heart if you can if you could
change the heart and you can depth in right because it's not just like i
said it's not just do they believe but how deeply convicted can i get
this team to be and that is where having proof where you're actively
selling your sales team that is where you will get the outsized returns
in my opinion on increasing the effectiveness of the team is that they
truly and deeply to their core belief and the last point that i was
making is if you've ever been around someone who truly believes in
something and it's like kind

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 of insane like whatever the thing is
like it could be aliens it could be whatever right like something crazy
but they are like so sold on it there is an element of yourself that
wonders if you're right because you have conviction too in whatever you
believe and so you see their depth of conviction their depth of faith in
the thing that they have concluded and the deeper it is the more you
start to question your own beliefs which is why the pastors of huge
churches typically have deep deep faith and if like there's a lot to
study in terms of converting people literally because you're changing
someone's entire world view and so if you study the process that people
come to faith and how they convince others to come to faiths in general
there's a lot of elements of selling that occur there in helping people
make decisions to help themselves and so the person who typically does
the converting can never believe less in the thing that they're trying
to convert someone into than the person who's being converted the person
has to believe in your conviction more than they believe in their doubt
in the story that they have been telling

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 themselves and so the skills are
simply a way to clearly communicate and build trust so that your
conviction can be transferred but it starts with having the conviction
to begin with in order to initiate the transfer over the bridge of trust
and so this is the number one thing that i see missing from sales
trainings and it's one of the easiest things that we can do to implement
in a team or even in yourself to improve your numbers overall in your
business all right and if you don't know why i am i probably said it
earlier but if i didn't my name's auctionmoji we own acquisition.com
portfolio of services info coaching course businesses that do about 85
million a year and i have nothing to sell you all right and so i make
these videos because i struggled a lot coming up and i just if i if
there's any lessons that i can share i would prefer that my pain not
have been in vain alright so lots of love and i'll see you guys next
video bye
