https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Dc2UQbQNTo

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone entrepreneurs
uh and business owners my name is alex ramose i'm the ceo of allen
prestige labs uh gym launch and a number of other portfolio companies
that we own um what i want to give you today is one very very simple
hack that we've used to consistently improve our marketing uh neil patel
said in one of his keynote speeches that he believes that the future of
marketing is going to exist in cro so conversion rate optimization and
he said that because you know the prices are going to only consistently
go up and it's most of most platforms are based on an auction which
means that it's just multiple businesses competing for the same eyeballs
and so the people who are better able to convert those eyeballs are
going to be the ones who are going to be able to out compete and win
obviously the model the price points all the other stuff matters but the
conversion rate in it of itself matters a lot too now there's a lot of
parts in a pipeline that exists from acquisition but what i want to do
is just give you one thing uh from today's video that you can
immediately implement and it's simple that has worked and made us a lot
of money all right the process is simple every week what we do is we
have our marketing meeting and we do

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 one split test just one all right and
that's because everyone wants to test 100 things but what it does is it
forces us to be very very focused on the one thing that we think is
going to drive the highest result for us and the thing is is that when
you do this every single week for 52 weeks in a row and you do that for
five years your process just gets better and better and better and those
increase those increases in conversion compound all right and so when we
are running split tests on marketing especially for paid advertising um
i'll give you the two biggest things that we look at all right the first
thing it sounds obvious and simple but people don't do it is we simply
split test the headlines on our landing pages that's it we simply split
test the headlines the next thing that we'll split test is going to be
the image that is underneath of the headline all right because what
we've seen from the vast majority of all of the tests that we've done

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 is that almost all of the juice that's
going to come the biggest jumps in conversion rate happen above the fold
and so when i say above the fold it means like when you go on your
desktop and you go to a landing page everything that you can see before
scrolling is above the fold when you go to your your phone um and you
blend and you you load a page everything you see that's immediately
available on the screen is above the fold and so that is where that is
where you're selling them on whether they're going to stay on the page
and continue to read more and that's where the biggest returns will come
from all right and so we will split test almost every week the the
majority of our of our tests will be i would say 90 of our tests are
either headline or image tests and that's it that's literally it um
sometimes you know we'll actually because if if we're changing a
headline then the image doesn't make sense we'll do you know a new
headline and image against it against the old headline image and image
but that will be the entirety of the test and so if you can implement
this one process into your marketing cadence so when you meet with your
marketing team or if you're hopefully you know if you're just doing the
marketing for

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 yourself if you set this cadence on
your own calendar of every monday we meet and we say what was last
week's test what was the winner great did we beat the control if we
didn't beat the control then we try another test right and the thing is
is when you do this on a continuous basis the business will continually
improve and so there's a million things you can do but what are the few
things that you should do that are going to drive the biggest result
because ultimately all of us have the same amount of time every day and
so it's the people who make the best decisions who focus on the fewest
variables that make the biggest difference right one of the biggest
things that drives me nuts is when someone says you know oh i said we
should do that ages ago right which is one of the things by the way for
my team if anyone's listening please don't do that it drives me nuts
there's a million things that we should do right we should probably be
better about our follow-up we should probably be doing more email
marketing we should probably be making more content well obviously but
what of all of the things that we can do given the resources time effort
and human capital that we have and money are going to drive the biggest
result and so

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 when i think about all the different
things that we can improve on our marketing standpoint just doing this
one thing will consistently yield better returns in terms of time and
effort and and the amount of time it takes to do this and the amount of
return we get from it is disproportionate and i see even a lot of
experienced you know marketers and business owners uh who don't do this
you know what i mean and i'm like that's crazy you know why why would
you not do that and so a simple process you can outline focus on
everything above the fold usually headline sub-headline image those are
the things that are going to be the things that drive the biggest
conversion rate optimization and you know use this in the business see
the results for yourself and keep being awesome and i'll catch you guys
on flip side bye
