https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CojS0DwflXc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone i want to make
a quick video for you guys about the only three things to say when
closing or selling and the reason this came up was uh recently i was on
uh i was coaching our sales team uh on just just going over game tape
footage which is like hey how's you know let's let's watch the sale from
yesterday you know what we could what was done well what was great what
was bad what could have been improved etc and one of the the habits that
some of our team gets in because our our sales team is really
knowledgeable we call them business consultants because they really are
i mean they really are business consultants you know what i mean and
that's why sometimes it's harder to find good sales people because they
have to have um a really high level of understanding if you're going to
like the higher the level of the business that you're going to be
selling the higher level of expertise the person talking them must have
if they have no context that's why like low level transactional sales
like if you're doing b2c you know supplement sales over the phone you
really don't need to have an exquisitely you know knowledgeable uh a rep
it's more about a very transactional process that's going to be

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 very highly scripted minimum
variability right whereas if you're talking about a complex business
deal right um then you need to have a very good understanding of their
business where there's potential opportunities et cetera right and so
sometimes it can be difficult because you may want to switch and this is
especially true when it's uh if you're the owner of the business or
you're you know integrally involved in just a couple of sales people you
may get into the mode of trying to teach which is one of the biggest um
a mistakes but b um one of the biggest hard things to not do there's
some good words um as a salesperson right because if you're trying to
close a deal you want to educate the person but the reality is that's
not they're not going to listen to you until they buy and so there's no
actual point in quote teaching but you do want to coach and that's
something that i was talking about with my team yesterday is the
difference between teaching and coaching and so fundamentally there's
only three types of statements that should come out of your mouth when
you are selling number one and most likely to be coming

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 out is questions all right so if you
don't know what types of questions um like for us i i prefer
question-based frameworks for more complex sales um and the reason for
that is these are the types of questions that we would need to know the
answer to in order to work with someone it's also the only way you can
get someone to change their beliefs about something because ultimately
the person especially the more complex the higher level the sale the the
more the person has to come to the conclusion on their own that they
should work with you and less feel forced or suggested hopefully that
makes sense and so we should ask leading questions that lead them to the
conclusion that they should work with you can solve their problems the
second uh type of thing is a restatement which means uh after they say
something you say it back to them which means that you understand and
you are listening all right so it's like so what i'm hearing is this is
the primary issue that you've been trying to solve this is what you've
done so far and this is why it hasn't worked does that sound about right
so that would be an example of restatement notice none of these things

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 are our declarative statements of fact
i'm not teaching them anything all right which is the same reason that
people get in trouble when they do presentations to try and pitch they
try and teach the thing is is person has to have their beliefs broken in
order to take action and you're not providing value in a real way
because the reality is they're not going to execute on anything you
teach them they will only execute if they have their beliefs broken and
believe you can help them and then that they can trust what you are
saying this is like this was so hard for me to learn because in the very
beginning when i started gym lunch i just wanted to go in and get on the
phone and jim's oh no no your pricing is all wrong you got to do this
you got to do this guy do this and they were just like take lots of
notes and then end up getting off the call not buying and then be like
well uh i don't even know who this guy is i'm just going to ignore it
and so i didn't actually help them i thought i was helping them but i
was not actually helping them and i actually heard this from talking
more a good friend of mine he said everyone gets benefits from breaking
beliefs only 10 of people get benefits from tactics and so you actually
are providing more

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 value on the call by questioning their
beliefs because you're actually servicing a hundred percent of the
people providing value compared to trying to give tactical advice that
only one out of ten people may or may not use and likely the people who
will use it are not buying from you so either way you're you're not
benefiting your business and you're also not benefiting there's that was
a huge thing that i had to break with my own beliefs and so then you
might be wondering well if i'm only asking questions and restating
things how do i close the deal great great question glad you asked all
right and so what i like are short stories and so the reason we do this
is that so we'd ask a question ask a serious question hey why are you
here what are you struggling with where you at right now where you
trying to go what have you tried so far how's that working for you um
why is this important does it matter like within the bigger context of
of your life and what you're trying to do okay great this is what i'm
hearing i think this is why uh you haven't been successful would you
agree with that does that make sense fantastic do you want to hear how
our program works right so at that point you'd enter quote the pitch
right which is where you're gonna explain how the services work

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 this is where most guys and gals will
just blab right they'll just talk and talk and talk and talk and talk
and try and teach and about how they have this secret system in the and
really uh i think russell brunson calls it technobabble it's like you
talk about your periodization you talk about your plan or you talk about
your programs you're talking about the softwares or whatever right the
route is they don't care and so all we have to do realistically is tell
a story that illustrates what they're going to experience as a result
all right and so um if i were trying to sell uh you know i'll just use
gym launch as a simple example so if i'm like listen fundamentally until
you learn how to market your business you're never going to be free and
earlier you said that the goal when we asked for context is that you
want to you want to be free you want this business to be able to run on
its own um does that sound about right yes okay cool well then then do
you see a world in which you're going to be able to outsource the most
important part of your business which is acquisition lead generation
lead nursery and sales do you feel like there's a world where you can
just

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 offload that responsibility and then
somehow have a reliable business because what if that business goes out
of business which is likely happens all the time then what right you're
never actually going to be free until you learn this which means you
have to confront this either today tomorrow or 10 years from now but
you're going to have to do it does that sound fair does that make sense
right and so here what i'm doing is i'm trying to i'm telling i'm
telling a story to break a belief i'm not saying let me show you how
we're going to teach you how to market instead i'm saying we have to at
least come to an agreement that you need to learn this skill does that
sound fair yes and then the next kind of mini story and if i if they
didn't understand it then it would be like well this is the difference
between giving a fish and teaching a man to fish right now you need to
learn how to fish for yourself right in order for this business to be
sustainable for you right right and so these are little analogies that
you've already pre-packaged if i was selling weight loss i would say
something like all right well fundamentally you know fitness nutrition
accountability you need these three things fitness-wise you're gonna
have to come and work out here we agree that you need to work out right
right why haven't you been working out

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 so far i don't know how fair enough is
it also because you're not motivated to do it yes what if you actually
what do you what something that you like doing well i like doing i like
watching tv cool what if what if working out was something that you
could look forward to as much as or more than watching tv if you liked
working out more than watching television which one would you think you
would do why probably work out right so our goal is not to get you to
work out but learn to like working out more than watching television if
we can accomplish that then we're going to solve this problem for good
does that make sense yes notice i told them they're going to have to
work out i did not talk about the the the new the exercise selection
we're going to do the programming how we're going to ramp up their
volume their undulating periodization the fancy exercise like none of
that stuff we talked about because it doesn't matter we have to just
come to an agreement that this is what we're going to be doing to solve
the problem does that make sense yes fantastic when we move forward
right and so you'll have these pre-packaged ideas and other examples if
i if i had somebody who wasn't i'm giving you these examples to
hopefully drive the point home if someone said uh you know

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you're gonna have to change the way you
eat for example and i'd say okay well you've probably tried stuff in the
past right i'm not gonna talk to him with a \[ \_\_ \] meal plan right
it doesn't matter right it does matter but not in this conversation it
does not matter fundamentally you're going to change the way you eat
because what you got like why you are here is because of something you
are currently doing does that sound fair right okay cool so again with
this example i'd be like well do you like cake do you like cookies yes
okay so then the key do you think you could not eat cookies for this
your life do you think you cannot eat cake or not eat ice cream thrust
your life do you think that's reasonable no i don't think that's
reasonable cool so then we have to figure out a way for you to eat the
things that you enjoy and still lose weight and do it in a way so that
you look forward to it because at the end of the day if you like the
food more than you're currently eating you will stick with it does that
sound fair yes because do you think that you can sustainably give
yourself willpower for the rest of your life no okay well then can we
agree that all we have to do is just simply figure out the foods that
you will like and that's an iterative process for us and we'll walk
through it but the end goal is that you will like this more than you're
currently eating and as a result of that will stick with

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 it which means that over the long haul
you'll get to where you want to go does that sound fair yes notice again
this is an explanation this is a this is a mini story this is an analogy
that we'll use and you should have multiple of these so you can drive
the point home if you feel like the prospect does not understand what
you are saying right and so this is where we are we are coaching based
on beliefs we are not explaining or tacticalizing or technobabbling
about our program because fundamentally it does not matter they don't
care nor will they listen they're not even paying whenever you have a
monotone you can see it in gong recordings if you don't if you don't
record this you can see talk time you can see where engagement goes down
and in invariably it's when a salesman gets to this part of the pitch
and then they talk for five minutes straight no one cares i'm sure like
i'm sure that when you've been if you've ever been sold something you
feel like the person isn't listening to you right and so what i can say
is the best way to sell is to have the person feel like

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 you understand them and the best way
for someone to feel understood is for you to actually give a \[ \_\_ \]
if you actually give a \[ \_\_ \] you will know what questions to ask in
what order because those are the questions that you would naturally ask
the reason scripts were even invented is to mimic or structure a
conversation between somebody who cares and someone that they can help
that is what a sale is is we're we're breaking their beliefs we're
coaching them to the conclusion that they have not been able to make up
for this point which is that they need to work with us in order to solve
their problem and we should be okay with the fact that i would like to
provide value to this person so that i can break their beliefs around
this whether they work with me or not this is still the type of solution
that they're going to need and if you can approach it like that you stop
having your ego tied up in your closing percentages in your numbers and
instead you start helping people on the phone and by extension you will
sell more deals all right and it's not by proving your expertise and and
ego ego babbling about how smart you are right instead it's asking them
questions

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 making sure they understand that
you're that you're tracking what they're saying asking more leading
questions restating what they said and then when they ask you about how
they could potentially work for you then and only then you give them the
stories to explain how it works that's the deal and one of the big rules
that i was hitting on with our sales team yesterday is you do not pitch
the program until you believe the person will say yes lawyers do not ask
questions they do not already already know the answers to no guy most
guys don't propose to someone without already know the person's gonna
say yes the the take rate on proposals is very high right let's be real
most you know girls say yes to a proposal most right i'm not saying all
but most do and sales should be the same way if you feel like you don't
think you're going to close this person do not pitch them continue to
stay in this circle where you are asking questions and reinstating and
clarifying until you can eventually find that that piece that thread
that was unexposed that you need to pull

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 to then get them to say that aha
that's the issue right and so from this the three things that you should
be using when you're closing is you should be asking questions you
should be restating what they said and then once you've exhausted these
pieces where it becomes obvious that they you need to move on the sale
only at that point they'll say well how do i how do i work with you how
does the program work they should be asking you or you can at the very
least say would you like to know the programmers i think it might be a
good fit for you at that point they can give you permission to say yes
now if someone says yeah hey hey tell me how the program works it's like
no i don't think we're ready for that right now i need to understand
more about your business otherwise it's not gonna it's not gonna make
any sense i don't have enough context right and again when you do that
you can retake the frame in the conversation if someone's commanding you
around you're not going to close the deal right and so a lot of times
usually within the first five to 10 minutes you can tell whether you're
not going to close the deal most people most experienced sales people
know by how the first five to ten minutes go whether this person's
really even five minutes um you can tell whether you're gonna be able to
close this person or not and if you don't feel like you're gonna

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 be able to close this person it means
you need a state shift you need to shift the frame and the only way to
do that is to ask questions that are challenging one of the things i
have my team say is closers ask hard questions right is ask questions
that are going to challenge their current paradigm if they're in a
current paradigm that they're getting on the phone because they want to
prove to themselves that nothing's going to work for them then you need
to say it sounds like it sounds like you're out a lot sounds like your
business is kind of there's no way for you to succeed does that sound
about right and then they're gonna sell you on why you're wrong but by
selling you and why they're wrong they're taking a contrarian stance
which then proves to you that there is a way rather than saying no i
think you can be successful they're like no i can't be successful right
and so understanding that before you get into your pitch the person must
already be sold on working with you is one of the biggest things i can
give you right now so if your script has too many paragraphs and too
much explanation and all of that stuff then it's off it just needs to be
questions and restating for clarification that you are hearing what
they're saying and asking the next natural question that will lead
logically to them working with you and asking the question at the end
which is well how do i do this that

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 sounds amazing that's exactly what i
want like how do i move forward with the details etc and then at that
point you say cool this is how it works ready to rock and roll all right
fair enough hope that makes sense keep being awesome lots of love and
i'll see you guys on flip side bye
