https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZbpSe9pdFs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone uh i want to
uh share a one-on-one conversation they had with a buddy of mine from
high school uh who just started his own business uh and so he was
texting me and uh he was he was saying hey you know i've got this i've
got this offer and my value ladder and i want to get your feedback on it
uh and before i looked at i said you haven't made a sale right and he
was like yeah he said i'm worried about being stuck uh with providing
fulfillment because i'm just doing too much and i'm offering too much
and i was like right so you haven't made a sale yet and he was like yeah
i was like okay uh you need to get over that and i said what's the price
and he said 4 800 for 10 weeks and i said listen man just give so much
that you feel like the person would feel stupid saying no all right
don't try and fix your non-existent overwhelmed fulfillment issue when
you haven't even made a sale yet all right close a deal then another and
then another and then once you are overwhelmed you then have the then
you can start dealing with it and the benefit is that once you've made
sales you will have the money from the sales

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 do you have resources to deal with the
problem and so this is something that i see all the time right people
will they'll try and solve issues that don't even exist i have somebody
like this example right he's like i don't want to be overwhelmed with
all this fulfillment i'm like dude you don't you haven't even made a
sale yet right sell the world right sell everything you possibly can to
get them to say yes and then what happens is you're going to start
making money and then at that point you can start peeling back the the
things that take the most time that are not as valuable but in the
beginning you just have to create flow so one of the rules that i always
have is create flow monetize flow then add friction all right in that
order so once you have demand it means you're making a good offer of
some kind then you are getting people to say yes which means you make an
offer that's so crazy that someone would be stupid to say no and if that
means selling your time selling one-on-one stuff doing flying out to
their house or driving over every day whatever it is even if it's
unreasonable stop thinking about scale before you've even had the
ability to have a single sale

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 right it drives me nuts because i'm
like dude you're trying to solve a problem that doesn't even exist it's
like it's like when i would have guys who come into the gym and they'd
be like hey well you know i want to get bigger but i don't get as big as
you and i was like you're not going to sneeze and get jacked all right i
was like there's a million steps between where you're at and where i'm
at and believe me it won't happen on accident right and so they're like
well i don't want to get to like they're trying to solve problems they
don't even exist i was like why don't you why don't we start with making
you look like you even work out why don't we start there fair enough
right and the thing is is like why don't we start with you actually just
getting a sale before we even talk about what your fulfillment
optimizing for profit even looks like right and so anyways he sent me
the big graph of like what he's looking at and i was like it's fine dude
just sell the world and deliver right none of it's going to even matter
because they're not going to remember any of it they'll just remember
how they feel and how well you understood their problems right and if
the solution felt unique easy to understand and easy to believe that it
would work for them right um and so he he was like yeah it makes

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 sense it's crazy how much of this has
been like just removing my own self-limiting belief and i was like yeah
money's made in your mind first right poor people have poor beliefs you
can't if you're walking towards a door right before you go and turn the
knob you envision yourself turning the knob everything happens in your
mind before it happens in reality and if you can't envision yourself
actually making money doing it then there's no way it's going to happen
poor people expect poor outcomes right rich people expect rich outcomes
and they don't they don't accept outcomes beyond that they don't make
decisions unless they feel like that outcome is possible right and so
what happens is those poor beliefs keep people poor all right and so
anyways i was like listen man stop obsessing over whether what you're
gonna include or what the little offer stack is i say just give away the
farm all right make some sales and then when you have money and a
business then you can worry about optimizing but for now you're solving
around a made-up problem that doesn't even exist you have no fulfillment
issues because you have no clients all right sell first over deliver and
then optimize for profit all right and so this was just a process that i
just see

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 is a mistake that i see happen so many
times and if you were starting out sell everything sell the most insane
offer you can possibly think of get someone to say yes first all right
and then get another person to say yes and if you're like man i'm so
overwhelmed that's okay you're supposed to be overwhelmed it's normal
especially if you're starting out all right but you're gonna start
learning how even to sell right and you're gonna start learning okay
well this is something that i'm offering that might have been really
valuable in the sale but is actually really easy to fulfill on and
something else that i promised out to fill on they actually didn't care
that much about it but now it's taking all my time and over time you can
start peeling those people pieces back and making it into an offer
that's both profitable and attractive to the prospect but when you're
starting out you don't know and so the best thing in my opinion is to
just stack as much valuable as possible to get them to say yes all right
and so what that means is you don't have to be exceptional at sales in
the beginning because what you do is you give something you give an
offer so good that someone feels stupid saying no and

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 so what i'll do is i'll wrap up with uh
i'll wrap up with the story of how i learned this and so when i was uh
23 i went to a conference and i paid three thousand dollars for a
weekend conference and it was three thousand dollars of money i didn't
have and it was it was run by a guy named travis jones he went by tj and
he was a business coach and i remember when i was there he'd offhandedly
mentioned he made a million dollars a year and i was like i was like man
i just want to be this guy right i was like i'll do anything to be this
guy and everyone there was a business owner except for me and i was way
over my head they were talking about like ctrs and conversion rates and
you know cost per leads and i was like i don't know what's going on and
so anyways during one of the breaks he came up to me he saw that i was
like way over my head and he was like hey man do you want to know the
secret to sales and i at this point i was learning what the term sales
meant i didn't even know what it meant really honestly um and i was like
yeah yeah like tell me the secret to sales and so i like pulled my
notebook out and i was like i just like didn't want to like miss
anything and he said make people an offer so good they would feel stupid
saying no

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 and for me it was this huge moment and
i underlined it i wrote it down i circled it and it was at that point
that i realized that i could still make money even if i wasn't good at
sales i just had to make an offer that was good enough that they would
feel stupid saying no and so that means if someone said no i could keep
adding things until eventually they said yes and that was one of the
biggest epiphanies that i had in my life was realizing that if i could
just keep going and keep adding value eventually they would say yes and
so instead of cutting prices i would keep my price and just add more
than anyone else could even imagine so much so that it would be
ridiculous and i was willing to scale the unscalable in the beginning
because i just needed people to say yes and start the flow right get the
flow monetize the flow then add friction and so it was one of the most
important lessons of my life it's one that stuck with me through my
entire career and in remembering this is i'm now getting you know i'm
helping my friend from high school i've got my my neighbor who's
starting their entrepreneurial journey it's really reminding me of some
of these lessons earlier on and i just uh hope i hope you don't mind me

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 just sharing them with you as we go so
anyways keep being awesome lots of love i'll catch you guys soon bye
