https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XWlHPyAico

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 good morning everyone what i want to do
is share with you the three things that will have the biggest direct
impact on how much money you make \[Music\] and so these are the three
biggest levers for growth in a business three big levers for biz growth
all right going up all right the first is gonna be your market all right
and so the reason that uh investors look at this stuff is because they
know that if you put a great entrepreneur in a bad market or a bad
market or a a bad entrepreneur in a great market the market will usually
win and so let me tell you a quick story about this to illustrate this
point so uh one of my friends uh lloyd owned a uh a great tech company
he started it probably a decade ago and they grew pretty quickly and
then it sort of plateaued and then it started to go down and he was
trying to figure this out and he

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 was struggling with it and he called me
up one and he was like hey dude what do you think the issue is with this
and i was like dude you're you're selling your software to newspapers
because that was his exclusive customer for his his ad product and
despite having an amazing offer and being a great salesman uh because it
was a zero risk offer for them he only just rev shared with them despite
both of those things he was not able to grow because he was in the
newspaper market which was shrinking by 25 every single year over eight
years that he had the business right he still has it to the side but for
eight years she was trying to figure out what was going on and he looked
at every single piece of the business except for probably the most
obvious one which is the market itself and so what i want to introduce
you with these three that levers and that's the first one is the market
is you have to do these from the top down all right if you're in a
horrible market it doesn't matter how good your offer is it doesn't
matter how good your persuasive abilities are you prob you will not be
able to outpower a bad market and so the way i look at these levers is
is this going to be a plus is it going to be uh you know a

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 neutral or is it going to be a negative
right and so as long as your market is not a negative and is either
neutral or a plus you can move on to the second lever for business
growth all right the second lever is your offer all right and what i
mean by that is what you're literally giving a customer in order to
transact with them all right this is the the the products and services
that you offer in exchange for money and and the terms under which you
offer them and what they need to do to redeem them all right that is in
essence what an offer is all right and so these are the terms the price
etc and what they get now if you're in a normal market or a good market
if you're in a good market it doesn't matter right uh if you were you
know selling toilet paper during covet it didn't matter uh what uh what
your offer was or how persuasive you were which is the third one uh you
were just you were in the right market at the right time and you're
gonna make a ton of money right but most of us are in this market most
of us are just in normal markets

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 that are growing a normal amount and
the nice thing is if you're in one of those markets you can still make a
tremendous amount of money by offering a unique offering and a good
product right and so the offer is going to be the second thing now if
you have an incredible irresistible offer then more people will say yes
and you can make a tremendous amount of money but again here you can
have an amazing offer you can have a normal offer or you can have a
shitty offer right and as long as you do not have a a shitty offer or a
normal offer you can move on to the next one all right which is the
third big lever all right which is persuasion all right so some people
are naturally good persuaders they're good um they're good marketers
they're good sales people and the thing is is that each of these is more
important than uh the rest all right so it goes from the top down so
i'll give you some examples if i were in an amazing market it doesn't
matter if my offer persuasion abilities are good i'll make a ton of
money if i'm in a bad market it doesn't matter if i'm in a good
persuasion and good

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 offering i'm not going to make any
money and so basically you can just move from the top down and check
these off your list and so most of us are going to be here in this
normal market right a normal market you serve dentists you serve
chiropractors you serve normal people who are in pain those are normal
markets they're not growing they're not shrinking they're just normal
right now from there we move to our offer now the thing is is that this
is typically the easiest lever on any business to grow the business
because any business it takes a little bit of time to go from a normal
offer to an amazing offer you can't really go from a normal market to an
amazing market with your business unless you change your entire business
but with an offer you simply can repackage the value proposition how you
charge in the terms under which you offer your services and you can move
from having a normal offering or a subpar offering to an amazing
irresistible offer i call them grand slam offers and the reason i call
them that is because grand slams are both very rare and very good

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 but the difference between baseball and
business is that when you have a grand slam offer you can knock the ball
so far out of the park you can win for a thousand years and that's the
difference right in baseball you can only win four runs no matter how
good your offer is in business you're going in for life and so making
the actual best offer is going to be the second biggest lever on your
business now let's assume that you've got a great offer now if you have
crap persuasion skills you'll still make money if you have normal
persuasion stills you'll make a lot of money if you have fantastic
persuasion skills you'll make a tremendous amount of money alright which
leads me to the next piece so let's assume that you just have a normal
offer not an amazing offer all right then it takes us to our third
portion here the only way if that is your scenario you're in a normal
market you're normal you have a normal offer the only way for you to be
hyper successful is to develop persuasion abilities and so that's
learning how to market and sell how to acquire customers through
multiple channels right and so

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 the thing is is that this one is
usually the most difficult to acquire in my opinion it takes a lot of
time takes a lot of effort takes a lot of volume took a lot of practice
a lot of failure in order to get good at this all right and so if i'm
looking at a business and i'm trying to grow it the first thing i'm
going to do is check this off is just say like are we making sure that
we're not in a bad market and we're at least in a normal or good market
you'll know if you're in a good market believe me like i said if you're
selling toilet paper cover 19 if you're selling hot dogs outside of a
baseball stadium as soon as the game lets out you know you're in a good
market right but most of us are here so as long as i'm not in a bad
market i move on to the next one and so if i'm looking at the business i
say okay what is the current offering what are we doing in exchange for
money what are we giving clients right what are the terms of the
agreement what's the price point and what are they getting in exchange
all right and so then what i will do is shift the business from here in
this direction to create a grand slam offer and the beautiful thing is
this can literally take a half a day maybe a day right where you just re
recombine repackage reposition rename the offers change the terms under
which you

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 you make you you offer your businesses
and services and products and overnight you can take a normal business
to an extraordinary business by doing this one thing all right and then
finally the last thing that you can do is you can develop all the skills
of persuasion so if you're looking at the entrepreneurial journey my
recommendation for most people is i start here this is the first thing i
will do the second thing i will do is get them to focus here and on
improving this skill and going from a normal sales person to a normal
marketer to an exceptional salesperson marketer because they should
already be being reasonably successful because we fixed the offer first
and then move up to the top the biggest lever and say now that we
understand how to make amazing offers how to persuade people in masses
now let's go find a market that we know we can apply the skill set to
that we think is going to crush it so right now if your business is not
growing it might be because you are lacking one two or all three of the
levers that create success um and so if that hopefully that found it you
you found

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 that valuable hopefully you can think
about your own business within this context am i in a a great market a
normal market or a shrinking market is my offer insanely compelling is
it normal or is it bad my are my persuasion abilities exceptional can i
acquire clients at the snap of my fingers whenever i want do they come
in kind of semi-consistently but you know i can't really grow it or do i
have no idea what i'm doing and i get i get people on the phone and i
can never get money right and so if you can rate yourself on these
things then you can identify where you have opportunities for growth and
then follow these steps to get to where you want to go so hopefully that
you found value in that hopefully that was cool in terms of in terms of
framing how growth and the biggest levers that exist in business overall
uh and keeping awesome and i will uh see you on the flip side bye
\[Music\]

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 \[Music\] \[Applause\] you
