https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oi7bnS8uyJM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i was asked to speak at the war room
mastermind which is a thirty thousand dollar year mastermind i think
it's a two or three hundred person program run by ryan dice perry
belcher and roland fraser and it's a it's a great program and i was
asked to speak on sales i have given versions of this sales presentation
a handful of times but this is the best one that i think captured the
audio and the visual and everything kind of put together and it's
condensed into a 30 minute video so i think you guys will absolutely
enjoy this so if you're building your first sales script if you're
scaling a sales team and you want to make sure that you can onboard new
people and get them selling at the same percentage or better than you
are right now which for many people is biggest bottleneck especially
when you're coming to for your first million or first three million per
year scaling the sales team is one of the most difficult tasks and so
i've broken this down into three frameworks that i've used very
successfully to scale lots of different sales teams i say that the the
company i'm referencing in this video has 14 that one company already
now has almost 30 sales guys so this process continued to work past when
i made this presentation so if you're trying to scale sales you want to
close a higher percentage you want to get more guys closing at that same
percentage or better than yours and if you don't know

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 who i am my name is oxford mozzie on
acquisition.com we had a portfolio at this moment of six companies to do
85 million a year and i have nothing to sell you keep being awesome love
you and enjoy the video what i'm going to be breaking down today is the
scripting process that we've applied for calls right and so as the
world's worst marketer i sent my first email this year i was very
excited about it we've been in business for 10 years pretty big stuff
and it was because i couldn't get webinars i couldn't get vsls i
couldn't get all the fancy stuff that you guys get to work um and so i
went back in time and just was like if i can just get them to get my
phone number i'll be able to get them to like buy \[ \_\_ \] from me and
so i went and called back all these webinar leads that never showed up
or never bought or whatever and ended up doing like 100 000 in sales in
a day and i was like wow this is so much easier and so over time i've
consulted with sales teams i've trained and owned four high ticket
performance teams i think we have 12 or 14 sales guys now it kind of
rotates and so what i want to do is kind of show you what we've done to
consistently replicate the skill of

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 sales another human being would that be
cool all right so if i can add like 10 to your conversion rate in terms
of how you attract better closers how you script the process out and how
you should close more deals and scale them to incentivize them would
that be valuable for you guys all right sweet so these are the three
frameworks that transform losing funnels into cash machines that was my
real life that was a picture of my actual first funnel and that's what
it became and so these are the three fails uh the frameworks number one
closer framework how to ask questions to get prospects to say yes adding
this to a funnel instantly can make it profitable all right this is my
personal experience number two is a conviction framework all right how
anyone who believes can outperform a seasoned sales rep by simply
learning control their tone really important that's one of the biggest
things that most sales people miss number three the scaling framework
how to easily duplicate this process across sales people in any niche in
seven days or less so seven days from now we can do this would that be
cool all right let's rock so number one the closer framework after going
through hundreds of scripts i've bought grand stuff about the wolf

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 of wall street stuff i bought all that
stuff and going through my own sales processes i learned that the the
scripting process even was simpler i think than it's portrayed it's not
that it's something to be sold against but um every sales script that
has been absolutely gangbusters has been a question-based framework that
is based on this process all right and this works for b2c sales works
for b2b uh b2b sales it works for 500 tickets it works for 100 000
tickets the process is the same and so this is the acronym closer
framework as i said world's dumbest marketer so i made it nice and easy
to remember all right so c clarify why they're there when i look at
creating a script the first thing we ask is like why the hell are you
here what made you reach out to us today what was the thing what is the
goal you're trying to accomplish right two label them with a problem we
can't cure cancer unless they admit that they have it right has anyone
had a situation like i just want to find out more information you ever
had that right it's like well i'm assuming you're not hopping on sales
calls all day just running for find information is there a problem
you're trying to solve oh you're fat got it all right boom so

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 yeah that's a problem we can solve it
after that i'm sure i'm assuming i'm not the first guy you've ever dated
right so is there anything else that you've had happen in the past that
got you here that didn't work i'd love to know more about it s once
we've gone through the pain we saw on the vacation right there's a
process that i'll walk through e we explain away their concerns because
obviously same people don't make decisions on the first call unless
you're a closer in which case they do which i'll talk about and then
finally and this is something that we actually added in my original
framework for my first couple of years was closed and then we added the
r because when you do this it actually transitions into the onboarding
process that will get higher ltv per customer lower churn lower refunds
or chargebacks which are sales guys and you will be happy about cool all
right let's rock so we'll examine each one more closely clarify why
they're there these are the questions that sounds like what made you
come in today what made you reach out what's your goal right now why is
that important to you why that number specifically what does that what
does it resonate for you right why is that real l the questions that
we're looking is like okay so what i'm hearing is

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 xyz usually does that sound about right
right really simple but very important it's a milestone that has to be
hit in the process all right then we overview all right this is where
we're gathering all the intel and for some of you guys my goal is that
you can take this to your sales team or sales director and run your
script through this framework and then see where you can plug it you
probably have some of it but if you're missing one or two of these
questions milestones you're losing conversions on the call like you're
closing people who already had those obstacles covered but everyone who
didn't have two of these questions covered you lose them and you don't
know why you watch the sales call you're like what the hell happened
here right so what have you tried so far to accomplish that how this is
what we call the pain cycle it's a four-step process what have you tried
so far to accomplish this how long did you do that for how long ago had
that worked for you what else have you tried right so we just do that
cycle until they're like well yeah that's it now that you think about it
i've tried everything under the sun like i can't imagine what that's
felt like wow right it's not your fault you're so close you're six
inches away

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 right and i think you've said this one
thing which i'm about to show you in a second we could be able to help
you want to hear about the program fantastic that's when we transition
to sale right so sell them a vacation the number one thing that people
mess up our sales pitch on the call is under three minutes three minutes
180 seconds when we talk about um i think someone was asking about what
are the bullets on the page we don't say anything about that because
what we're trying to do is get them to understand what they're going to
experience not how they're going to experience it right and so when we
have a sales pitch just about every time we sell three things right and
it doesn't matter what industry and i was training a mortgage leads team
and they were selling leads right it was like uh the leads are exclusive
they're timely and they're qualified right so we talked about hey you've
had leads in the past ah well the zillow leads my real estate people
right the zillow leads are not they are timely but they're definitely
not exclusive these are people just window shopping right our leads are
different three things you can always find them you're

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 selling fitness you're selling fitness
nutrition accountability right and so what we do is when we say the
three bullets get them to understand yes that takes five seconds cool
fitness wise we get the commitment this is what i need you to do fair
enough to be like i need to work out three days a week can you do that
awesome if we see any hesitation you have a 30 second story that's
memorized most of this script and this is what makes it scalable is a
question-based framework which means if you get lost you can find your
way back again if anybody here have scripts that are like paragraphs and
stuff anyone okay like no no one has a script that's paragraphs and
pages please we all know um but if you have those things it'll totally
mess it up because then the sales guy gets lost and then he's just free
balling and he has no idea where he is hot dog in the hallway no idea
what's going on right and so the point is here a little visual anyways
is that when we're telling the story like with the fitness example i
would say hey when you failed in the past like right now do you have a
do you have a favorite tv show game of thrones that's awesome do you

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 feel like like you gotta get motivated
watch game of thrones you're like oh man i've been wanting to watch it
but i just can't get up the motivation to watch tv they're like well no
i don't have that it's like right and so that's exactly how we're going
to make your fitness program so if you look forward to you don't need
the motivation the willpower because that's why you failed in the past
they're like oh i didn't talk about the workouts the heart rate and the
calories they're going to burn and they're going to sweat because all
that \[ \_\_ \] sounds like work right but what they do get is exactly
what they want which is wait so you're telling me that if i actually
like something i'm not going to even have to try and it's going to feel
like watching tv because i look forward to it it's exactly what i'm
saying and if you can deliver you make tons of money and that's the
point so each of those points your sales guys should know what that
anecdotal story is right if i was selling accountability anywhere of
kids anyone here tell their kids to brush their teeth and we have their
kids who brush their teeth say they don't want to brush their teeth
anyone tell their kids even though they

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 want to brush their teeth to brush
their teeth anyways and now you're an adult did your parents do that to
you do you brush your teeth that's an example of external accountability
turning into an internal habit that's exactly what the accountability
we're going to do in this program industries that make sense great done
next bullet that's how you transition the pitch right so if you think
about this process why are you here i have cancer i think we might be
able to help you out but i don't want to get into that because i don't
know about you like i don't know what your situation is tell me what
you've done ah that sounds that sounds great that makes sense okay i
think we might be able to see a little bit about that all it is i tell
three stories that make complete sense to everything you just told me
and then we transitioned and so um i pretty much just covered this um
but we call it selling the vacation out to plane flight right and so
we're not selling csa we're not selling your modules your meal plan your
macros you work out your support team your urls your whatever right
we're selling maui we're selling the final destination and it doesn't
matter what level of service you are selling you're always selling the
same thing it's always maui it's just how do

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 you want to get there do you want to
swim to maui right do you want to take a boat to maui do you want to
take a normal flight or do you want to take a private jet to maui right
it's your call you're getting them out either way because we're a man of
our word i'm not going to sell you something that's not going to deliver
right but it's going to be a little different a little bit rockier but
we're going to get you there all right so everyone gets to maui the
variables are the squeak the speed and the quality of the journey all
right the likelihood of arrival is assumed so since it's always the same
thing you probably have multiple levels of business um but it's always
the same process right and so once we have that they're like got it and
then we just make the ask all right from this point going forward it's
explaining away their concerns like any human being would normally do i
could drill price over comes with you but i think it's more valuable to
explain the thought process behind price stall and decision maker
objections all right so the first and obvious one is i can't afford it
anyone get this one right a couple people two people have gotten this
you guys have the best leads give me your leads uh and so the easy

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 question that i use to explain to our
sales team because it's really about breaking their lease beliefs is if
we were giving away ferraris right now for five grand do you think
they'd find a way to get the money yes so that simply they do not
understand the value we're trying to provide and if you can get your
team to believe that then they understand that it is always their fault
if someone cannot afford the program does that make sense fantastic
second decision maker close one of the hardest things to overcome right
i gotta have my business partner i gotta have my husband my spouse my
whatever right so we give a specific process that we go about this and
so what we do is in the very beginning we just say we circumvent then we
go over past agreements and then we ask for forgiveness all right this
is the best way that i've seen to overcome this so the first thing we
say is well what if they say no one out of three times they'll be like
i'll probably do it anyways we're like let's get started boom it's done
you'd be amazed how many times that actually works it's hilarious if
they say well then i wouldn't do it then we divert we say

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 well what do you think their biggest
objection would be about it because now they're just using a foil you
know the person's not there and it's no idea what the program is because
they're not involved with the call right they're like well i think this
and at this point we can attack the actual obstacle even though the
decision maker isn't there now if they still if we still can't overcome
it then we go to past agreements we say well does your business partner
know you guys are struggling on sales well yeah does he approve of that
well no then why would he be against something that he already doesn't
approve of that doesn't make any sense why would he be a business
partner solving a problem you know what you do well it's great you're
being a great partner let's go right and so we try and rely on past
agreements that are obvious and use those to project into the present
right and then finally you know sometimes it's better ask for uh
forgiveness and permission right and so we'll tack that on again you can
put that at the end of any of the closes and so when we're dealing with
this with price it's value with decision maker we go on past agreements
and with stalls we just teach people to make decisions

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 people just so afraid of making the
wrong decision they're petrified and so we do is we literally teach them
on the call here's how you make a decision these are the variables you
should be considering x y and z right can the product meet your needs do
you think that if you work with us you have a greater or lower
likelihood of losing weight greater fantastic i think we're halfway
there do you want to work with us do you think it'd be fun to hang out
and see me everyday because believe me this stash i had i had to work 12
months to get my wife to say yes to that so i understand if you're
hesitant does that make sense would you be willing to do that all right
let's rock right and then do you have access to funds or know someone
who does right it's not just about you because if it's something that's
amazing we can find other ways to finance this so do you have access or
know someone who does yes well then great let's get started and if for
some reason we haven't closed them at this point we say how about this
let's take a card down we'll delay the payment to friday you go to your
husband go to your business partner right you go to your i love this one
you go to your husband right and he says baby

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 i want you to live a shorter life i
want you to i want you to be a terrible example to our kids i want you
to not have generational health in our family to be passed down i want
you to sit in that corner i want you to pull those sweatpants up take up
a bag of cheetos rub your fingers on there right and just get
comfortable with the fact that you're never going to look better than
you are right now it's like if your husband says that to you you call me
back and i will tear this contract up fair enough right you close them
all right so we explain away their concerns and then finally we get the
yes we reinforce the decision this is stuff that we started doing it
helped a lot so personalized video from the ceo hey welcome aboard so
happy to have you thank you for trusting us with your business hey we're
so happy to have you thank you for touching with your weight loss
journey and our personal licenses we're going to do everything in our
power to absolutely amaze you right little things like that because the
customer is usually deciding whether or not they like your business in
the first 48 hours after the sale i learned this later so how you hand
off from sale to customer experience and activation is where this all
happens does that make sense is that cool was that nice framework to

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 work through okay so that's the
disclosure framework that is the first thing that's what you can run
your script through all right how to ask the questions to get the
prospects to say yes check one down two to go you with me you're still
good all right let's rock so conviction framework number two how anyone
who believes can outperform a season sales rep by simply learning to
control their tone all right so um after i reworked all of our scripts
using the closer framework um some of my guys were really successful but
other ones still blew and i was like well this sucks right i was really
excited i had a little acronym and everything i was like that took me a
long time to come with the acronym right and i was like what gives and
so i talked to my friends um and they recommended this book which was
awesome and the biggest takeaway from this book is that is the concept
of tone and this was something that really helped take us and give an
extra edge for our sales training ourselves process and the coaching
that we give people right and so in the book he talked about the hidden
dialogue

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 which i just love and i just never
want to take credit for an idea because i got it from him but there's
two dialogues that are happening right because the words are the logic
right what you're actually saying is talking the logical brain how you
say it is talking to the emotional brain right that's the one's making
decision that's the one running the shot all right and so how you say
what you say is what you say so here's an example that's my wife she's
going to be here with me soon but if she were here if she said alex
right or alex right or alex very different meanings very different
afternoon for me in each of these scenarios right based on how she said
it because there's so much communicated and that's just one word imagine
a 30-minute dialogue where each word can be chosen to have packed with
the meaning that you need them to feel does that make sense

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 okay so we need the words for the
logical influence we need the tone for the emotional influence we need
both okay and so once you become a more seasoned like sales prep you can
learn to control your tone on purpose right you can raise your voice at
the end of the statement to make it into a question right it's a
question this is john right i didn't need to ask him i'm saying you know
to answer that as a question i didn't ask you that but you know that
based on the tone right or i could lower my voice right now see that
what i'm saying extremely important right tone matters and so it takes
time to develop this level of unconscious mastery so there's two ways to
develop this and i believe that you can either trick yourself into it or
you can train yourself into it and since i don't have enough time in 30
minutes to train on the influence of tonalities here's the trick is that
all right let's give you the hack conviction will correct your tone if
you believe in what you sell you will say it the right way and that's
why some of you guys have a

19 00:18:00.000 --\> 00:19:00.000 sales rep who comes on crushes it and
then tanks because they did believe and then they saw your reviews or
they got customer support feedback or someone called them up after
buying it was like \[ \_\_ \] you i can't believe you did that and
they're done and then all their tone's off because they feel like out of
ethics right and so i'm lowering my tone right now so you know that this
is really important right and so i'll go upbeat kiss the boo-boo bring
us back up all right and so real estate sales team consulting this is a
great story so i was flown out paid way more money than i should have
been paid um to fly out and consult with the sales team all right they
were selling mortgage leads the example i was given earlier and they
were really excited they wanted me to give this abc always be closing
chat like this huge pump up chat so i spent the first half the day on
the script and the second half of the day was supposed to be drilling
the sales team right so i get on the sales team they got they had a nine
person sales floor and uh they're like we're having some problems with
this guy john i was like alright cool so i was like john how good are
the leads he was like

20 00:19:00.000 --\> 00:20:00.000 well you know there's kind of and i
was like i'm good thank you and i was like because if you \[ \_\_ \]
thought the leads were good you would say dude they're unreal i can't
believe it right now i'm getting my mom to pass her real estate
certification so i can start sending her leads i'm studying for mine i'm
a couple months behind but i'm telling you as soon as i \[ \_\_ \] get
this thing passed i'm out of here i'm gonna start buying these leads
myself cause i'll make more than i make right now sales guy that's what
you'd say if you believed right the way you say and what you'd say would
be entirely different it's one of the hacks on this by the way has
anyone ever gotten hot or has a sales guy got hot start just closing
closing close it close it anyone that becomes the sales training for
that person because the way they ask the question at what point how they
closed that's how it's perfect and so they should study the best game
footage when they're on a streak and that's when you can replicate it
much more easily because it's like in the wild you'll witness it and
that's when they're masters right in those moments all right and so
these are the actions that we do so i'm transitioning into tactics for
you guys who have teams

21 00:20:00.000 --\> 00:21:00.000 all right re-read the testimonials out
loud daily in front of your sales team if you got fresh ones which you
should read them it makes their day makes them feel like they're making
impact right they're getting the \[ \_\_ \] kicked out of them every
single day getting hung up on getting cussed at getting told to \[ \_\_
\] off every day right and like the best thing you can do is give him a
cup of coffee and says hey man you're \[ \_\_ \] doing good in the world
right so they need so do it every day number two fix everything you can
about the product this is obvious but i want to say it directly like
don't blame the customer for a lack of success because it doesn't help
anyone right doesn't help them doesn't help us if we can take ownership
then we can fix the product right three never stop improving it so you
always know it's up to date and this is a good one for the sales team if
your sales dip take your head of customer support bring them to the
sales meeting and say erica tell these guys what you do for our
customers they're like oh well the first day what we do is we send this
text and we send them this letter and then we give them swag and then we
follow up with them and then we like write them a handwritten card and
leave them a back massage and a foot massage and then we find a wife for
them it's

22 00:21:00.000 --\> 00:22:00.000 unbelievable you know what i mean and
then the sales guys are like god this is \[ \_\_ \] awesome i'm like i
know let's go sell it right and so these are the actions that you can do
on a daily basis to get your team to be excellent all right and so
that's how you can hack conviction and get your team's tone
unconsciously correct by just truly believing the product is that cool
you think you'd sell more if you did that sweet thank you all right
conviction framework number two check all right number three scaling
framework how to easily duplicate this process across sales people in
any niche in seven days or less all right so we've talked about closing
framework we've talked about conviction framework and this is the oops i
think i'm going to skip one oh no we are back great so when i showed my
sales team to stuff they didn't do it every time all right because
you're probably going to come back from here all gung-ho you might show
them this video they're like yeah they go rah-rah for two to three days
and then it's like back to normal right no one wants that so piece by
piece we implemented processes to get the same outcome over and over and
over again because of the 110 million dollars we've sold which is crazy
it's been 100 over the phone

23 00:22:00.000 --\> 00:23:00.000 no one over the age of 20 no we got
one guys 40. but beyond besides him everyone's younger than 27 27 27
years old all right like these aren't like crazy you know i mean like
crazy veterans right you just do this process over and over again and
get the right thing as a total aside find people and educate them about
your prospect not your product because that's a big \[ \_\_ \] up
because like they shouldn't even be talking that much about the product
they should be knowing everything about the prospect and so right now if
your sales training is focused on your product you're doing it wrong
these are the six c's that i use to scale teams from little guy to lots
of guys all right so this delta you know we used this to build a 3000
person affiliate base in our physical products company it added 35
million in sales which is cool which is awesome and so i will show you
how this works all right and so um we've used these sales teams and this
is how we've kind of these are all multi-figure teams and i'll show you
what we did all right so closer sequence

24 00:23:00.000 --\> 00:24:00.000 is the first c which we went over
earlier the second c is consistent daily training and conviction and
i'll show you how to do each of these call recordings you got to record
them communication cycles cuts and competition there's the six c's all
right so number one make sure you have a question based framework that
follows those steps in the script it should just be questions it's so
much easier to just follow questions because if someone's out and you
know out in left field you know wandering like onto the highway you're
like whoa hey come back over here this is the next question in this
process so thank you so much for sharing that that must have been so
hard for you so what do you think that brought you right they should go
right in the next question the sale all right number two uh consistent
daily training this is the number one thing if you take one thing away
from this besides conviction because that'll do more for yourselves than
anything this is the second biggest thing all right is that daily
training our team training 60 minutes a day five days a week we actually
do twice a day stuff but that's okay anyways for right now if you just
do this you'll already be way better than everyone else in your market
all right so we do talking and

25 00:24:00.000 --\> 00:25:00.000 listening because the sales person
needs to know how to speak the right tone you know to listen right so we
draw both scales for talking we have them read the script out loud and
the questions with the correct tonality for 25 minutes and if they \[
\_\_ \] up they start again simple five minutes we drill obstacle
overcomes i need to think about it i'm not sure i don't have the money
can't afford that right now i gotta talk to my partner right i know
what's gonna work in my market or whatever your specific obstacles are
because those when they're in the red zone they shouldn't have to think
about those so the only two things that someone will ever truly memorize
will be those 30 second anecdotal stories i mentioned earlier and your
optical overcomes it makes it much easier to get new people on the team
listening so every day we'll listen to a 30-minute recording and we'll
go with what went right in this call what went wrong what do you do next
time very simple right you play the call everyone watches it's game tape
review we're like man you got kicked in the balls on this one right

26 00:25:00.000 --\> 00:26:00.000 but you had great rapport in the first
five minutes right um you're like what went wrong and that was about it
um and what you gonna do next time i'm gonna transition from the report
of the question asking without sounding like a douchebag fantastic all
right next day and you continue to improve i know this sounds crazy
simple but it's so simple no one will do it so number three sees is call
recordings if you don't call like record your calls one you're not
compliant but two like how are you gonna study game film you know i mean
everybody's got all their data and you've got your mouse tracking on all
the pages i'm like where's the mouse tracking on the calls right that's
where that's we're gonna train your team this is like every nba team
they play the game and they watch the game footage right why are we not
doing that with the sales team and so you should have to record it if
you use zoom gong is absolutely the best highly recommend it it's been
awesome users for two years they'll tell you exactly how many minutes
people are talking versus someone else they'll tell you who's talking
the most where how many questions were asked if the ai they have there
is unbelievable um it's expensive but it's worth it four calm cycles and
feedback um i don't know if you guys heard the story

27 00:26:00.000 --\> 00:27:00.000 but if i were trying to uh fix your
golf swing right and i said okay so i take a swing looking like i do
like a like an idiot right he's like all right man well first off lose
40 pounds so you can rotate all right after you do that uh change your
wrist by two degrees turn your other hand over put your thumb underneath
i need you to take your first foot put it forward and then point it the
other way and then put this foot back and try again i'm \[ \_\_ \] no
chance of swinging right but if he just said hey take another 20 swins
and just put one thumb under the other one i'd have one thing to work on
and i could probably get better and so when you're training and this is
for the sales directors if you're helping them out with that call what
what when right went wrong that what am i going to do about it is the
one thing does that make sense and so in terms of communication cycles
we do weekly with the team we've got daily training we've got daily
wrap-up at the end which is really just to pump up and kiss them on the
forehead good night to make sure they feel okay right because they do
get punched in the face all day so it's

28 00:27:00.000 --\> 00:28:00.000 worth being like hey you see derek's
overcome this morning is \[ \_\_ \] awesome he killed it let's watch
that as like highlight footage like watch him say he's gonna have to
talk to his wife overcome right and then and then they're like dude you
killed it and then it just makes them feel like they're part of the team
right and so that's where we do the feedback and the communication
cycles and then we do once once a week if they're new we'll do
one-on-ones if they're a little bit older we'll do once every other week
does that make sense can you use this right now what i'm giving you for
your sales teams okay sweet number five cut the fat cut it fast um randy
probably knows this better than anyone when you hire salespeople at
least in my experience like it's sink or swim like if guys if guys can't
close in the first week to two weeks unless it's some sort of crazy
complex thing they ain't closing right and then i've got somebody who
now came in neutral now they feel like they suck right they're actually
worse than someone who's new because now i gotta overcome all your
beliefs and then bring you back up and so in my experience it's been
much easier to take a six and get into a nine than try and take then try

29 00:28:00.000 --\> 00:29:00.000 and take a two and get him to a five
it's more work and it's not good for me or him right does that make
sense so in most cases does anyone have a sales person that you've been
waiting for them to turn the corner for the last like six months they're
not going to turn the corner unless they have like a come to jesus
moment which does happen but it doesn't need to happen on my team you
can do that and come back right all right number six competition and
career path all right it's a big one so sales people are competitive
right as they should be right they are hunters and they should go hunt
and so having competition on regular basis what we have found is that
six weeks cycles tends to work best it is long enough that they believe
they can accomplish something but short enough they believe it's going
to happen soon and so we run our competitions on six week cycles for us
i think what you said uh whatever ryan said about the percentages 10 to
15 percent actually works pretty well as like a group goal um when we
have those as like top sales person would like we did like weekend to
vegas so we'll split all the guys that way like four teams of four you
know what i mean they're all comp so it's like you get the
competitiveness but you still get the

30 00:29:00.000 --\> 00:30:00.000 camaraderie because if it's just one
you know one versus everyone sometimes they can get um a little bit too
you know teethy uh and so having like little mini teams helps too
because then you can you can kind of like make it an adjusted draft you
put the best guy with the worst guy and then he helps him out and he
speeds him up does that make sense and then career path this is one that
i probably learned later but it's really good is that you can have minor
minor road uh milestones like 50 deals closed 100 deals closed 150 deals
closed right and they just get a little just a little you know they go
from 500 a deal to 525 a deal right they go from 525 to 550 deal just
the fact that there's this this road map of where they're going and
there's actual progress because sales is one of the most repetitive
positions in the world just the fact that they're doing this and they're
something is changing on the outside i think just helps relieve anxiety
and help the guys focus so that is one of the things that i would
recommend doing um with the career path and then obviously if you have
roles like depending how big your team is manager etc and you can move
up

31 00:30:00.000 --\> 00:31:00.000 something that i don't have on here
that i will add is that this seems to be common practice but remember
dumbest marketer on earth outbound and inbound uh keep them separated we
also have setters and closers for both of those teams so outbound sets
are different than inbound sets which go to different ink closers on
either side right because the prospects are a little bit different right
and so if you if you have lots of different types of leads going to the
same person you're probably losing a lot of efficiency if you don't have
that much lead flow that's another issue but it's as soon as you can
separating them out will get you a lot a lot higher conversion rates all
right so i'll recap this the 60s for scaling our closer sequence make
sure that's in a question-based framework daily trainings and
convictions so you're reading the testimony every day you're training
them every morning on talking listing the most valuable skills that a
salesman can have call recordings to make sure that they're actually
doing a gamete footage to actually look at communication cycles to
actually improve on their skills based on the game footage that we just
had you cut the bottom people who are just dragging the team down that
probably just don't have the makeup for this and then you keep it
competitive and you

32 00:31:00.000 --\> 00:32:00.000 give them a career path so they have
something to look forward to in the future all right and so uh now you
can understand how anyone can sell expensive flat paper pro even if you
don't think you're any good which is completely normal yeah that sales
