https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtMv8C\_COzg

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone i want to tell
you a story that was really impactful for me earlier on in my life uh in
my business career and it was when laila and i went to the pirates who
have mastermind now if you've ever you know listened to my podcast or
you've been on this channel um i've talked about this before but it was
one of the most impactful experiences of my life and it was because i
had multiple mentors who made more than me um speak belief into me and
also made sure that i capitalized on the fat pitch all right and so i'll
tell you how this went so i was laylee and i just got married this was
2017 may we had just gone from you know me almost losing everything to
this business that we just shifted from a done for you flying out doing
gym turnarounds to a consulting service um teaching other people how to
do our model and we were doing we were like in our second month and
doing 350 000 a month it was insane um and it was just layla me and an
assistant over selling over the kitchen table it was absolutely bananas
um i didn't even know we made more money

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 than i knew what to even do with it was
it was crazy you know we're living on 1200 a month and taking home 340
of 350 000 a month it was crazy and so anyways i got invited to an
eight-figure mastermind and clearly if you're doing the math there i'm
not making any figures and i felt like really out of place i was like
are you sure you want me to come and he was like yeah dude you're gonna
like he's like you're gonna blow past eight figures like really and so
first person that spoken to me was russell which is why i'm always
grateful for that and so he saw something in me that i couldn't see for
myself which is why i think it's so valuable to to pay for mentorships
and pay for um you know people who are ahead of you to to to give you
perspective that you lack because a lot of times it's beliefs it's the
things that you don't see that kill you right and that and that prevent
you from succeeding and so anyways we get to this event i'm super
nervous this because all these guys are like titan they're all doing you
know 10 million 20 million 30 million and uh i think russell at the time
i think they were doing 35 um to show you how long ago it was cause now
i think they're doing 150.

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 and uh i got up there it was finally my
turn and i you know i wrote on the board and i told how our whole
process worked and how much money our gyms are making on average and um
jason fladland uh actually i'll start with what alex started says alex
sharpen was in the room and he's like you have 100 million business
right now and you don't even know it and i remember feeling like the air
was sucked out of the room because i felt all of a sudden i was like
really proud of what i had accomplished but all these guys made so much
more money than me that they were they were like dude you need to like
you need to step on the gas and i was like what they're like you've got
a huge thing in front of you if you if you like like you need to take
advantage of this and at the time i was saying how i was like okay we're
making 350 a month and i want to start a supplement company and they
were like why would you want to start a supplement company just double
your ad spend because you're not spending anything on ads right now and
i was like okay i guess i'll do that because i listen to these guys
because i made more money than me i was like all right and so that was
end of my end all so rather than starting another business i

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 just kept doing the thing that i was
doing which ended up being an amazing piece of advice for them to give
me and i probably would have sabotaged myself i had not paid for that so
it's like if you ever have the opportunity to spend more than you're
probably comfortable with to be surrounded by people who make a lot more
money than you you will almost always disproportionately and every time
in my life i've always disproportionately moved up faster when i can
surround myself and figure out i want them to speak into me and tell me
what i cannot see right i'm like tell me what i'm missing what am i not
seeing that you can see right because for whatever your business is
right or whatever your skill set is i'm sure that there's if someone
who's who's doing something that you are very good at you can
immediately see what's going on it doesn't take it takes you two seconds
right you're like oh this is what's wrong this is wrong this is wrong
when i look at a business now i can be like oh this is the issue right
it's immediate but when you don't have the context you just run your
head in the wall wondering what's going on right so anyways after the um
my little presentation was over jason flatland came up to me and he had
done a hundred million dollars on webinars and i was like man this guy's
super smart he was you know he was really aggressive and bright and i
was like man we gotta figure something out um or i don't want to say
anything stupid and so anyways he comes up to me

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 and he said you need to 10x overnight
and i was like what he said if you what you're saying is true and you're
making jim's this much money he's like someone bigger than you who
already has all your customer base is going to take everything you have
and distribute it i was like what he's like they're going to take
everything you have and just destroy you before you even have a chance
and i just felt even worse after this right i feel this pit in my
stomach and then he leaned into me and he said when it when it gets easy
is when you go hard and i remember how much i was shaken by that and
layla was right next to me and i was like when it gets easy is when i go
hard when it gets easy is when you go hard i was like huh and the
biggest gift i got from those guys there was that this was my fat pitch
right there are only a handful of opportunities that present themselves
in the course of you know entrepreneurs career where you have the
opportunity you have the skill um and like basically the stars align
right now that being said you have to

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 develop the skills so that when the
opportunity presents itself you can knock it out of the park and step up
to the plate but when i listen to you know warren buffett and he talks
about the investments right they they choose very sparingly what things
they're going to invest in but when they do they back they load the
truck up they go all in you know you find your sphere of confidence in
and you just get pitches all day long right just like a baseball analogy
you get pitched over and over but you have no strikeouts right there's
no way to strike out you just have to wait and wait and wait until you
get the perfect pitch that fat pitch that's in your sweet spot and then
you step up and you knock it out of the park and if you look at the
people who are the wealthiest in the world invariably the vast majority
made their money with one vehicle they made all of their wealth or the
vast majority of their wealth with one vehicle and then after they made
their wealth then they diversified right and so this is one of the big
issues that i feel like i see in the internet culture and the instagram
culture is they're like you gotta have like they you know billionaires
have seven you know revenue streams yes but they

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 didn't have that to get there right now
i have lots of revenue streams but i didn't have that building this
right and so the idea is it looks much more like an umbrella you've got
one straight path all the way up on one vehicle where you're all in
invested which is your business most of the time or your career and then
it balloons out then it umbrellas out and then you sprinkle those
investments and other things because you're overly leveraged in one
business but every single one of them most of the guys that you see all
of them came from one one thing that made their money and then they
sprinkled it out on top of the other vehicles and so um if you listen to
garyvee even he talked about one of his biggest regrets was how when
google ads were really cheap that he should have spent more for wine
library and all of these things kind of collided at the same time in my
life where i had you know i'm listening to gary he was saying you know i
i wish i had spent more right and i had jason saying hey when it gets
easy is when you need to go hard all these guys are going to take all
your stuff and then you know scharfen's saying hey you've got 100
million dollar company and you don't even know it and then you know
russell's like you're

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 gonna blow past eight figures and all
of this stuff was spoken into me when i was just a kid like you gotta
understand like i didn't know anything like i knew nothing we're doing
300 a month and i was like holy crap like what is going on is this legal
i don't want to mess it up like it's just like holy you know and um and
so but because of their encouragement rather than a distract myself and
start another business right all we did is we i followed what they said
i i 5x my ads been and and then it just took off like a freaking rocket
you know i mean we went from you know 350 to 1.5 million in the next
like five months as in per month and so it was just blockers and i just
listened to what they had said and so my my my take away from this and
me sharing the story is that i don't know what pitches you have in front
of you there are only a certain amount of times where we're going to get
that fat pitch and i think we might the point of this video is that if
it is easy for you right now

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 this is the time to step up i was
talking to some entrepreneurs that were younger not that long ago and
they went from you know next to nothing i think not next to nothing i
think they were doing that that sounds horrible what about to say so
they were doing like one or two million dollars a year um i didn't mean
it like that but their last month they they made like 20 or 30 thousand
dollars in their last month of the year and then the next month they
they hit this offer out of the freaking park and they uh they did three
million and they did five million the next month in revenue i mean
that's insanity i mean i've i've never heard of anything growing that
fast without like a jv you know like some sort of joint venture thing
like never in my life i've heard someone grow that fast and they were
like yeah you know we're trying to like enjoy the fruits of our labor
and you know kind of like not spend a ton of time on the business you
know on the business and i wanted and i got to have the opportunity to
be the the older person in the situation because i could see in them
what i imagine people saw in me which was like you've got a hot one
right now like you need to ride it hard like when

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 like strike when the iron is hot right
when the fat pitch comes you step up and you put everything you've got
into it and so like this is not the time to try and figure out work life
balance because you're going to have this finite window where you're
going to make disproportionate amounts of money where you're going to
make your generational wealth in this short gap and we just have to hope
that when that opportunity presents itself we take full advantage right
if you're going to california and during the gold rush in 1849 and you
start panning for gold and you start getting gold that's not the time to
say you know what i've made it i'm going to stay at home i'm only going
to pan you know for gold an hour to a day um of course not right because
you'd be like i got a pen i got to trade because it takes much gold out
of this river is humanly possible it seems obvious to us from the
outside but when you're in it you have all these other things that are
going on in your mind right and the thing is is that opportunity like
many are finite right there's a defined period of time where you're
going to be able to ride that wave and be early on it and crush it and
so most people who are very wealthy had one big pitch that they swung
hard on and and then after they've made it then

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 they sprinkle their other investments
just don't try and reverse engineer the wrong sequence and so anyways
hope this is valuable for you it was a huge moment in my life i don't
know where you're at i don't know if your fat pitch is coming i don't
know if it already came and you wish you'd swung harder or you're on the
plate right now and the ball is right in front of you i don't know where
you're at but hopefully this uh this story that changed my life um can
help someone else so anyways lots of love keeping awesome i'll catch you
guys on the flip side bye
