https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyGKFhTf0go

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 it was so important to me that i wrote
it down and i have it right on front of my computer because it applies
to almost everything but especially to communication and sales messages
what's going on everyone i wanted to share the rule of one with you that
i learned from michael masterson and if you haven't heard of michael
masterson he's uh the the chief growth uh strategist at agora publishing
which to my knowledge is the biggest information seller on the market
they do over a billion dollars here in revenue and he is the person who
created their entire acquisition machine which is teams and teams of
hundreds of copywriters who generate demand through compelling words and
i think there's something really magical about that because he not only
has been able to do it himself and hit home run after home run out of a
home run offer but he's able to duplicate it in other people and create
and get people who've never sold a thing to writing copy that generates
20 million 40 million 80

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 million plus just from a single letter
or message and in his book great leads the first concept that he
introduces is arguably the most important and he calls it the rule of
one and i've been i it was so important to me that i wrote it down and i
have it right on from my computer because it applies to almost
everything but especially to communication and sales messages and so
whenever he said the common thing that most copywriters do or most
business owners who are trying to make an offer uh to be compelling to a
marketplace what they do is they just stack as many different great
things inside as they possibly can and then say well if that one doesn't
work one of them will work so i'm just going to throw them all in he
said that's the recipe for he calls toss salad copy which is just you
just jumble everything together and you hope you know it's throw
everything on the wall see what sticks but the reality is the most
compelling messages and he reviewed the top 100 offers of all times
since they worked there uh 91 of them

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 all centered on a single concept and so
if you think about what that means it means that you're looking for the
one big idea the one compelling message that has to be easy to
understand easy to believe and interesting or unique and so he said
those are the three elements of a one big idea and so when you're
thinking about the sales messaging and this has been really just i've
been i've been putting this at the forefront of my mind is that when
you're writing copy for a uh for an advertisement or you're writing copy
for a landing page the sub bullets should only be bullets that reinforce
the singular message or the singular argument right they should be
stories they should be arguments they should be facts that are presented
solely to reinforce the singular concept right and so if i said you know
hey there's uh six ways six ways to to to you know wake up earlier or
something like that um or six morning strategies if each one of them was
kind of different

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 that's like it's it's a tossed salad
whereas if i wanted to center it around one big benefit or one core
topic now the six topics that i could underneath of it are gonna still
be sub points of the major one rather than uh you know 15 crazy headline
ideas right uh and so for me that has been incredibly powerful and if
you look at if if you have advertised before and you look at the best
converting advertisements that you've ever had you will probably see
that similar trend where the ones that do best are the simplest the most
direct and the clearest to understand now the issue is when you only
have to pick one it forces you to be incredibly uh tactful on your
selection because you're only going to pick one and so i think what that
ends up doing is it forces us as marketers to really think is this the
is this the best idea is this the most centralized focused concept that
i can point as the tip of my spear of my communication message right

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 and so a lot of these things around
like any kind of unique selling proposition that's going to be the rule
of one right you don't want to have 19 selling propositions you want to
have one core one that everyone can immediately understand is is
counter-intuitive and uh is believable right and so when you put all
three of those things together then you have a message that's compelling
and people will take one step towards you and so um i have now like i
said i wrote that at the top of my computer and as i've been writing
copy and keeping this a top of mind because i can guarantee you that
even since i started doing this just even reading the book i've gotten
the the copy that i've been putting out has been so much better and more
targeted and crisper because there's one central idea i'm trying to
convince the reader or prospect of and then and then the sales message
that follows is actually very transparent and simple to write the hard
part is figuring out what that one idea is going to be but if you're
going to think about one thing then that would be the one to focus on so
anyways i hope that was valuable for you i share this stuff as it comes
to me um in my in my journey of marketing and

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 sales and so i hope you enjoy this like
subscribe all that kind of stuff and i'll see you next video bye
\[Music\] \[Music\] \[Applause\] you
