https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E732S9fteRc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on in mozi nation you're
here with alex from mozy youtube's richest youtuber uh or richard
youtuber 2b um i'm getting for those of you guys who don't know me my
name's alex rosie we own acquisition.com we do about 85 million a year
and you guessed it i've absolutely nothing to sell you i got a question
the other day that was five things that millionaires think about uh that
poor people don't and i wanted to change that to billionaires and that
is because a lot of millionaires have terrible beliefs and uh you know i
tend to agree with grant cardone on this one which is uh don't listen to
millionaires listen to a billionaire so you can choose to listen to me
or not i hope that we will be billionaires in the next you know 10 to 15
years but we still have lots of work to go and hopefully the world
doesn't melt down between now and then all right so these are the five
things that billionaires think about the millionaires do not think about
number one is the size of the opportunity a lot of times millionaires
will pursue what most billionaires would consider small fries or small
chips table stakes things that are just not that interesting because
there's just not a huge amount of growth potential now when you're
getting started it's not stupid to niche

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 down many of the biggest businesses in
the world started with a niche but they had the ability or possibility
to build something that was going to be truly enormous and so the total
adjustable market or the potential scale of a business itself is
something that a billionaire would think about that a millionaire will
not the second thing that millionaires do not think about or mistakenly
prioritize is they prioritize promotion over product the biggest
question that a billionaire will ask about a company is will people
continue to buy this product over and over and over again and stated
differently is this something that people will never stop buying if
people will never stop buying this thing then it will be inevitable that
we will make money right that is how they were thinking most
millionaires on the other hand just learned promotion and because that
is how they made their first money because they didn't make any money
and then they start learning how to promote they make some money they
assume that i should just do more promotion and with the exception of
very big mass-market brands that are direct to consumer and have big
ticket items you know for example solar would be one where you know
promotion is

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 going to matter a lot because you
really are going to only sense sell someone one time on this for 30
years so promotion's going to matter more in that situation but most
businesses have a recurring nature of some sort right and so making sure
that the product is good enough that when we put the promotion behind it
people do not stop purchasing it so that we can get outsized returns on
our marketing and our business model overall is something that
billionaires will think about and not mainers the third thing that
millionaires will will will mistake here is they will make the mistake
of thinking i can do this myself or i'll just underpay just a handful of
people to to to run this with me so they will have what we call the
genius with the thousands slaves model versus army of smarter people so
the second criteria that i heard stephen schwartzman who's the owner of
or not owner the founder of blackstone he's worth about 30 billion
dollars to talk about was that first he looks at the size of the
opportunity and the second thing that he looks at is drumroll can i find
10 out of 10s who want to pursue this opportunity and so here's

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 the interesting thing big talent only
chases big opportunity and the reason and he says this quote it hit me
really hard he said we didn't say this to exactly but i'm paraphrasing
he said it's harder to start a small business than it is to start
blackstone because big talent doesn't want to go pursue a small business
opportunity think about that for a second that one totally shook me to
my core right is that the reason we have to have these big goals is not
just for ourselves to get through the muck of of wanting more and going
and suffering through the trials and tribulations that come with
entrepreneurship but also so that everyone around us can stomach it
because they believe in where we are going and it is something that is
true and it's a vision uh that is compelling and the opportunity and
also the compensation that they can make right if you you're running a
dry cleaning store it's very difficult to attract 10 out of 10 talent
there and i define 10 edits and talent as people who are the best in the
world at the thing right nine edits in talent is the best people in the
world that i can attract given my

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 company right and eight is somebody who
is very very good at the thing and takes initiative and can yield
outside returns a seven is someone who is functional but has to take
direction to execute right in a six and below you don't want them in
your business anyways right and the vast majority of businesses are run
by sixes and belows let's be real if you're looking at your team most
the team is probably not best in the world or best in the world that you
can get right of course not and that is probably because the size of the
opportunity that you're chasing is not that good number four is time
horizons most millionaires and people who don't make a lot of money
think in very short time increments they think in this week and this
month they're thinking can i make payroll can i make rent and i
understand that but the reason that the people gain outsized returns who
are wealthier is because they see time as an asset rather than a
liability they see time working for them rather than against them they
see the opportunity compounding in and of itself because they have time
on their side and so the smart person the billionaire will look at the
opportunity say does time help me or hinder me in this opportunity
because i have this little quote that i

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 like a lot i prefer to play games where
if you wait you win i'll say it again i prefer to play games where if
you wait you win where success is an inevitable consequence of time you
may not know when but you do know whether you will get there i would
rather get rich for sure and get rich slowly than never get rich at all
always hoping that i'll make it in the next 90 days which is with the
vast majority of millionaires think they're only thinking about their
next promotion they're only thinking about their next campaign they're
only thinking about the next thing they're going to do rather than
thinking big picture if i do this for the next 10 years what is going to
position me for where i want to be and ultimately the opportunity that i
want to pursue and five the last thing that billionaires will prioritize
over millionaires is brand and this is something that i didn't
understand really early on i thought brand was a waste of money i
thought branding was stupid but a different way of saying brand is
reputation right and i heard a a man that i that i do business with
frequently say this and i really like this a lot he said you only get
one name

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 you only get one and i it really it
really struck me because i just thought that was such a such a
consolidated way of communicating the point we only get one name and the
thing is is that your brand compounds with time the more decisions you
make that are integris that are aligned that are not short-term in
thinking that are not sacrificing your integrity to get the short dollar
which is candidly what most people do most people do that right and
that's why most people have a so-so or poor brand right like yeah he's
pretty good but you know he kind of does some stuff every once in a
while it's a little shady right but if you have an impeccable brand the
other types of people that you will track will be people who have
impeccable brands and i can tell you this is that the the area on the
top of the mountain is very very sparsely populated there are not a lot
of people at the top and they all know each other it's crazy and you
know why it's because they seek out people who see the world the same
way they see the world and it's an exception to the rule rather than the
vast majority and so if you want to have game recognized game if you
want those people to sit across the

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 table and look at you as an equal then
it starts with the character of the person and if the character is right
the billionaire will bet on the character of the individual knowing that
they will get to where they're trying to go eventually in enough time
because it is in inevitability provided the values continue and so when
you're making the business decisions taking the long route that takes
longer but will most certainly compound and make you wealthier in the
long run is what billionaires will do rather than millionaires all right
and so i wanted to make this about billionaires rather than millionaires
because candidly if you just know how to run some ads you can be a
millionaire right you can learn how to promote and sell stuff the stuff
you might sell might suck but you might make enough money to be a
billion a millionaire but to be a billionaire you got to play the game
for a long time which means you have to understand that you must play
the game for a long time in order to become a billionaire and if you're
playing the game for a long time to be a billionaire then all your
decisions are going to be made within that time horizon in the context
that that that come with that decision-making process and so if we're
thinking about

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 this if there's one thing that you can
take away from this that billionaires would think about the millionaires
do not is understanding the time horizon right because all of these
other components roll into that right if we have a long time rise and
we'll be doing this forever i don't want to be the one who's doing it
all so i don't want to be the genius with a thousand slaves i want an
army of smarter people who are going to do this on my behalf i want 10
out of 10 who are pursuing this opportunity and can grow it without me
right if i want this to truly be something that is going to change my
life i can't pursue a small thing for my entire life i gotta pursue
something big because it has to be worth it because and i've heard this
from schwartzman and i love it too he said small goals and big goals are
equally hard so you might as well make it worth it right it's just as
hard to accomplish making a hundred thousand dollars a year it is as it
is for somebody to make a billion dollars a year think about it the time
requirement is the same arguably it's less to make a billion dollars a
year you have to think differently about it if i'm going to be around
for a very long time i'm going to outlive my promotion and so only thing
that will remain will be the product and

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 what people talk about with the
product and the decisions that i chose to make with my brand because i
was thinking long term and so everything comes down to this concept
which is can you think beyond this week this month this quarter and
think when i look back 80 years from now are the decisions that i'm
making right now the ones that i would be proud of that are aligned with
the long-term goal of seizing the big opportunity that is worth fighting
for and so this is what i have i have learned and gleaned from the the
handful of billionaires that i talk to and i constantly am trying to
analyze them and think what do they have that i don't and maybe it's
that i'm just too young and i just need to keep doing what i'm doing
which is oftentimes the response that i get and so anyways mozy nation
the reason i make this channel is uh is because there's a lot of broke
people and i don't want to be one of them these are the traits that
billionaires will will will look through the lenses of rather than
millionaires who often make short-term short-sighted mistakes um in
pursuing uh their goals and so i don't want you to do those so anyways
my name is akshamosi like i said owen acquisition.com i have nothing to

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 sell you if you like to hit subscribe
if you did and i love you either way and i'll guys see you guys next
video bye
