https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbxxxVXzHEg

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 the number one question that i get
right now on this channel is hey i'm thinking about starting a business
what market should i go after for those who don't know me my name is
oxford mosey i own acquisition.com we do about 85 million a year and i
have nothing to sell you so when we look at portfolio companies and
we're trying to figure out what markets we want to go after because we
know just like warren buffett said if you have a good entrepreneur and a
bad market the market wins and if you've got a bad entrepreneur and a
good market the market wins all right so the market that you pick a lot
of times will have a huge determination on the level of success that you
have right it is far more important to pick the right boat than how hard
you row those are warren buffett quotes you can take those to the bank
so top five industry i would be pursuing in 201 21 2022 um that are
coming up all right the first one um and believe that this is going to
be unsurprising to you is all things that are associated with crypto so
nfts d5 web 3.0 all the things that come as downstream ramifications of
this uh new technology all right it's booming um and there's a lot of
really cool applications that are going to come as a result of this so
if you know this industry then that would be something that i would be
looking at because even if you're okay you will be a player in a

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 massively growing industry so you'll
have a huge tailwind behind you the second believe it or not is cannabis
right it's still trusted and the reason i also like it is that it's
relatively recession proof right actually it's a pro recession thing
when recessions happen alcohol and drug use goes up so this is something
that's still like the market's so big it still hasn't been conquered yet
there's still tons of growth to happen there there's still people it's
just becoming mainstream it still hasn't been completely you know
decriminalized in all the states etc and so cannabis would be something
that i would be looking at for types of businesses that i would be
looking at building the next one is e-learning so obviously this is a
big favorite of mine and that's because i believe and you've probably
heard me say this many times on the channel i think that formal
education um has failed many of us it is a it is an antiquated system
that is built on general knowledge rather than specific knowledge and
right now people want specific skills that they can use in the
marketplace to make more money and so the e-learning industry is
becoming increasingly fragmented i don't think that trend will decrease
i think will only increase in its fragmentation it will be it'll have
more silos and

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 more verticals with excellent teachers
at the top of them teaching very niche down skills and so i think that
if you have a niche skill the e-learning uh marketplace it's set in
general is something that i would be looking at uh investing in uh my
time and effort and money etc all right and i walk this talk that's what
we do with acquisition.com we invest in these types of businesses all
right the the fourth and this is a huge one is remote living all right
so remote living is everything that touches the consequence of the huge
push of remote so more people are moving out of cities they're moving to
have more space they're having at-home offices this thing that i'm
recording on is a mobile studio right like if you're a photographer
build mobile studios tons of people want to be able to travel they want
to they want to have studios from home tons and tons of business to be
had there you don't even have to market there's so much demand for this
type of stuff uh i mean and there's so many downstreams of that that's
why zoom blew up um you know like uh there's just there's so many things
with with with remote living the reason that home home decorations and
home improvements has been booming is because people are

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 spending more time at home so that's
why people want bigger houses that's why they're spending like all of
this stuff as a consequence of this trend which i don't think is going
to decrease right and then finally you could consider this maybe a a
spin-off of the one above but i felt like it was different enough that
it deserved its own thing which is warehousing logistics there is more
need for shipping and stuff to be stored now than ever before and that
trend will only increase as people want to stay at home right they want
stuff shipped to them and the demand for people to be lazy is very very
high our brains are wired to do as little effort as humanly possible and
so anything that i see that that works in a trend of delivering
something to someone faster with the least amount of effort uh and this
is the value equation right high perceived likelihood and a dream
outcome which is they just click something and it shows up those are
things that i would be investing in because i believe that they will be
the things that outperform the marketplace as well and so if you can get
into a market that has a tailwind then you're also going to make the
most money and so as a reminder for those who are new to the channel
there are four

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 things that we look at in every market
all right number one is is the market growing number two are the people
easy to target number three is there a need for it are people in pain
right do they not like the way things are currently this is a smiley
face sorry there you go uh do they not like the way things currently are
and they have pain to be solved and finally finally do they have
purchasing power and so i would look at one of these as the big buckets
that that exist and then you find one or two steps down from this bucket
you zero in on your niche that you can capture that is in this growing
marketplace and you will have the chips stacked in your favor in terms
of getting investment funding in terms of uh the amount of demand that
will that will happen simply based on the fact that more people want
this than there are suppliers of it and this is a simple supply and
demand curve and we prefer to be on the things that have more demand and
less supply then more supply and less demand alright and that is uh how
i analyze this in terms of the things that

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 i'm looking at that i think are going
to be good big trends that that you can hop on if you're thinking about
investing your time and effort into starting a new business so anyways
mosey nation lots of love keep being awesome and i'll see you guys next
video bye
