https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kk6Vdfdwmxw

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 so uh quick uh thing that just came up
recently um i was asked uh to explain what are the ways to increase lead
quality uh and so there are five ways that you can increase lead quality
so this is if you were like man my leads are weak or i want my leaks to
be higher quality or people are complaining to you whatever right
there's five ways to do this now that being said the monetization
structure behind it uh you're going to want to play with these variables
so that you can optimize your throughput so you can get the most amount
of sales or most amount of cash up front depending on whatever it is
that you're optimizing for all right so it's not to say that you should
do all five of these things because sometimes you are going to be
leaving a lot of money on the table because ultimately you want to
remove as few of these are sorry as many of these as you can because
they're all bottlenecks on the amount of volume you're going to get and
so each of these will increase quality but typically decrease volume and
so these are the trade-offs that

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 you'll do in the marketing side uh that
these are the variables that you'll play with in order to get the the
optimal setup for uh for sales all right so without further ado the five
ways uh that you can increase lead quality number one uh you're
targeting all right so the targeting uh you can do this in a couple ways
one is you can just do it by zip code other you can do it by by income
level or profession those are all things that you can do to immediately
increase lead quality if you go to only the right zip codes you're going
to have uh you know higher quality leads in general right that being
said uh if you're doing those zip codes just understand that other
people are also marketing the zip codes and they will probably also be
more expensive and your volume would be lower so there's number one is
the targeting all right number two is the number of steps that they have
to jump through right if someone has to do 10 steps in order to get on
the phone with you versus one step they're going to be more qualified
because they took more action so they're more in pain and they're more
likely to want to uh work with you right or they were more compelled by
the offer headlines etc so that will increase the lead quality as well
uh number two

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 is get started number three excuse me
is the the nature of the offer all right so a free offer versus a paid
offer uh or a free amazing giveaway uh compared to a click here to
schedule a sales call is going to create a very different type of
prospect right not all leads are created equal and so if you're having
someone opt in for a giveaway you will have more volume by a ton um and
so that's where there's so much emphasis on the monetization structure
behind it the mousetrap that you've built in order to like if you have a
giveaway there i know plenty of people in industry that do giveaways and
crush it because they have a good math trap behind it and they take
advantage of the volume um but if you don't do a giveaway and you do a
straight to call then that person is going to be more qualified than
somebody who is opting in for just like a giveaway or whatever right uh
the fourth is going to be an application right so if you have
application is sort of the same thing as adding a step but it's
different enough that i figured it was worth mentioning so you can have
like four pages in a row that only require one checkbox uh or you can
have one page that has a lot of questions on it right

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 and so and the nature of the
applications you have lots of paragraph question answers it's going to
be more work and therefore a higher quality lead compared to lots of
check boxes and abc right type questions and answers for the application
so that's another thing that you can do to implement uh to increase the
quality of the leads that are coming through simply adding an
application before they have access to you will increase the quality and
you can also there's a lot of psychology behind the questions that
you're asking the application so getting them to state their goal
getting them to state that they have a problem uh getting to understand
what their biggest unknowns are and the things that they're struggling
with uh understanding that you know setting the precedent that there is
going to be an expense are they willing to invest in you know in a
solution for their problem and if you want to and have big balls which i
would encourage you to do um put some sort of minimum amount if you're
if you're if your things you know let's say your thing's a thousand
bucks say hey are you willing to spend at least 500 on the thing it
doesn't mean it has to be that but at least it gets them in the ballpark
around where you're gonna be right and then um finally uh the fifth
thing that you can do to increase the

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 quality of the leads is provide value
first all right so this is gonna be the actual content of the
advertisement itself and the video itself so if you have a video that's
incredibly compelling um but doesn't necessarily uh explain anything uh
or add value to the consumer then you might get lots of leads with the
quality and might not be as high versus a video that might be five
minutes long and provides a tremendous amount of value tactical
importance that they can immediately implement their lives uh then that
person uh might be more qualified if they come in because they're like
you this person has already provided me value i already know that
they're good at what they do and so it gives you a more authoritative
positioning um in the prospect's mind uh so that they uh will be more
likely to give you money all right so uh there's lots of ways to
increase quality of the lead the the trade-off and where you have to
come in as a business owner not just a marketer is understanding how
your business model works behind it my two cents on this is that i try
and start with the biggest widest net as possible and then work
backwards

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 and so what i mean is i just want to
get flow once i get flow then i'm going to try and create a series of
offers and upsells on that flow that will allow me to make more money on
the customer because the worst thing in the world is not having any flow
to begin with and so i would rather start with a much wider net and then
create a series of offers and indoctrination sequences and pre-frames
that after i get the flow we'll get someone to give us more money and
typically if you are good about your sales engineering and choreography
behind the behind the opt-in behind the application behind the call
that's the model itself then you should know what your numbers are on
let's say a free trial or somebody who downloads a lead magnet or
whatever it may be you should know that for every one dollar i put in
here at day 15 i'm at one dollar at day 30 i'm at three and a half
dollars a day 60 i'm at seven dollars if you don't have those numbers it
will be much more difficult to make decisions about your marketing uh
without that and so all that being said uh the time to use these five
increasing

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 and quality uh type applications is
when you have so much volume and the the quality of the prospects is so
low that you are willing to sacrifice uh half the throughput or a third
of the throughput on the advertising to either get a higher higher
ticket or to accommodate for your operational capacity right if i can
get let's say i'm booking some sort of national campaign and i'm going
uh straight to call if my team can't handle as many and i don't mind
doubling my lead cost to get to put a fence up uh because i i can't even
handle the flow that's coming in then in that instance it would be worth
it for me to double my lead costs because it doesn't matter as much to
me and i can't handle the operational flow but for me personally i tend
to start with the biggest net and then try and see what i can do on the
back end put the onus or the responsibility on the model and the
monetization structures in the sales sequence so that i can afford
whatever i want and then

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 ultimately have a high volume high
ticket sale or mid ticket sale type business and we've rinsed and repeat
that exact same model in brick and mortar for the gym we've done it for
the supplement company we've done it for gym launch we've done it for uh
now the online uh the online fitness model that we are getting all of
our you know seven-figure gym owners to walk away from and go into
because they're simply making more money they're able to get the same
average price point on these clients as they were before except they're
able to get an unlimited lead flow and the average the cost per lead is
about a fifth right and so as long as we can make the machine behind it
work which took us three or four iterations to get it really tweaked and
continue to do so put the onus on the model rather than on the marketing
and typically you'll make more money that's just been my personal
experience and i hopefully um that provides value for you so otherwise
hope you have an amazing thursday i hope that gave you five different
ways you can increase lead quality if you need it uh for many times
though you just need to look behind the lead at the monetization system

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 that they're coming into to make sure
that you can afford the traffic rather than trying to tweak the front
end so um maybe it was giving you an answer without giving you an answer
or giving you the five things even though you might not actually need
that it's usually the model itself but um if you do have an issue of
having too much traffic and the people aren't qualified and you're
willing to increase how much you pay per show um or you don't have the
operational capacity then adding one two three four five of these
qualifiers in is an easy and fast and reliable way to increase the
quality of the leads coming in so otherwise have an amazing day and i'll
catch you guys on the flip side you
