https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fV1MZe2vzs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 when i was in the beginning of my
entrepreneurial career i would read a book on delegation right and as
soon as i read the book i was like okay this is how you delegate and
then i would come back to the team and be like all right delegate
delegate delegate delegate delegate right and i'd be like all right
y'all are good and then i would dip out and then you know we all kind of
know how the story is probably going to go uh me being super excited
about uh business and thinking that things are gonna you know auto
things are gonna run themselves right now that i've delegated everything
i'm a big boss man and then of course i check in a few weeks later and
then things weren't done the way i wanted to and then of course you know
i read super you know a bunch of books on management etc and then i dive
super far and start micromanaging everyone trying to control everything
and then yet again the problem would arise where people were not doing
what i wanted them to do but for different reasons because they felt
completely stifled they wouldn't take initiative because they felt like
they needed my sign off and everything and then i'm basically a huge
bottleneck in the business yet again but in a different way and so i say
that um to illustrate uh one of the the thinking frameworks that has
served me well and i'm actually

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 really excited to talk about this
because when i when i talk to people i think a lot of people think that
i'm told that sometimes i communicate some ideas well and so what i
wanted to do was provide you the frameworks for thinking through
thoughts and i know that sounds crazy but i'm going to give you four
different frameworks that work really well for me i'll try and give you
examples of each one of them so the example that i started with that
little story right is an example of something where most people try and
solve how much management versus uh you know should i delegate or should
i manage right and instead of thinking of it as a problem to be solved
it is instead a dichotomy to be managed as in micromanaging is not good
on this extreme and you know complete delegation on this side is not
good either way right abdication and so there's a middle ground and so
what's interesting about this is that um there are a lot of different
things that come up in the business world where i will see people
conflate or mistake what thing they are solving right and most times
when i'm

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 talking to a new entrepreneur or even a
more established entrepreneur and they reach out for help or guidance or
whatever right or it's one of our portfolio companies most times they'll
start talking right really fast about all this stuff to try and provide
context and i'll just usually pause them and be like what problem are we
solving it usually gets them to stop right and i would highly advise you
if you're if you're dealing with if you have subordinates or you have
direct reports who roll into you and they have a whole bunch of
decisions a lot of times they can get caught and sometimes ourselves too
we can get caught in the in the day to day the minutia and just simply
pause and say what problem are we solving there's so many pieces of this
that i want to unpack that i think are going to be really interesting
for you but the first one is when you define what problems you are
solving you might even have to ask the question is that a problem when
some people are like well hey we're getting you know customer service
complaints it's like okay understood is this something that we believe
that we can reasonably eliminate is this something that is catastrophic
to the business or is this something that we can kind of try and improve
over time you know through systems and process right and so a lot of
times people misprioritize problems because they

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 perceive them as as threats to
existence when in reality they are a course of doing business and things
that we can constantly improve right especially if you're newer you're
starting out of course your product's not going to be perfect yet right
you're just getting going but you improve these things rather than
thinking i have to stop everything to fix this problem right and so the
first frame shift is that most people think in terms of like i have a
problem to solve rather than a dichotomy to be managed as in these are
two things that will always exist all right i'll give you a different
example of this um actually this will be a fun one the reason we will
probably never have people who are all happy about a tax code is because
you cannot have both fairness and equality equality means everyone pays
10 fairness means the rich people pay more than the poor people that's
fair this is equal both are ideals and yet somehow they're not the same
thing and yet both are right and so because of that we will always have
this conflict it's the same thing between justice and mercy both of them
are ideals both of them are right and yet

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 somehow they're conflicting and so we
we we see these situations and this is why i'm trying to hopefully give
this to you because the more i started to recognize these patterns the
more quickly i could recognize them and then identify them and then
either dismiss them or say oh it's another one of those right it's a
pattern recognition it's like oh you guys are spending all this effort
trying to solve a problem that is unsolvable this is a dichotomy that
must be managed and will never be eliminated and so i think what my goal
with this video is if i can help you get out of these little mental
hamster wheels uh it's been incredibly valuable for me all right so
that's the dichotomy that's like one of the one of the things that
people will mistake they'll mistake a dichotomy for a problem that needs
to be solved all right another framework um that that i find immensely
valuable is the concept of of of a continuum versus a binary all right
this is probably one of the biggest mental errors that people make when
they're trying to identify things this is what i mean by that so for
example i might say i'll use a

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 weight loss example so people will say
something like uh i'm off my diet or i'm on my diet right it's a very
simple thing and that's because psychologically we like to be binary we
like to label things as yes or no but biology and reality exists on
continuums as in to what extent did you go off of your diet right did
you go 200 calories over overall you go 500 calories over and as even
though it is quote more difficult to think in this way it is also more
accurate and so our brain uses binaries as placeholders for decision
making to store data right when in reality when you start storing all
these binary decisions they start adding up and you start getting more
and more unaccurate if that's a word on your decision-making process
because you're actually basing your decisions not on facts but based on
binary shorthand that your brain saves and so that is one of the biggest
mistakes that i see all the time in thinking in entrepreneurs and really
in anything in general because we like to have that shorthand it is
easier right

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 it's easier to say i fell off my diet
or i am diabetic when the reality is it's not whether you are a diabetic
it's how diabetic are you right kind of interesting i stole that from dr
cashy but i just love that um who's my closest friend he's a biochemist
and we talk about this stuff all the time point being if you can think
about this within um i'll give you i'll give you a business example so
if we have a a binary where people are saying yes or no which is let's
say facebook doesn't work marketing doesn't work i hear these statements
all the time and you may laugh at this right but i get dms like this all
the time facebook doesn't work for me marketing doesn't work for me like
you can't sell this way in my business right and so people want to
shorten a problem into yes it works no it doesn't work when so much of
business and problem solving is understanding the nuance between where
we're starting and where we're going and it's to what extent has
facebook not worked right where is the fall off right it is not that it
doesn't work it is just we only got it to work this percent right now we
need to get all the way over the hump to get there but it's to what
extent and i

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 think that when i when if you if you
can ask the right questions if you can see the problems as they truly
are they become far more solvable and so this has been probably i just
gave you two of my my best frames that i think with all the time all
right so i'll say these again so the first uh mental lapse i'll say that
i see all the time is mistaking a dichotomy that needs to be managed for
a problem that needs to be solved people do this in their marriages as
well right so you look at your wife right you look at your wife and
you're like i need more variety right but later you're like i need more
consistency and you're like we have to figure this out we need variety
we need consistency it's like yes you need both right and so it's not a
problem to be solved the dichotomy to be managed so that's framework
number one the second framework between two things that i see as a
problem that most people make is that they use a psychological binary to
make a judgment and say yes this works no this doesn't work or yes this
is this way or no that's not this way so that i can apply this arbitrary
label that was made up

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 when instead it is to what extent right
it is a continuum i did not go off my diet or stay on my diet it is how
far off did i go and a lot of times when we do that we also can stop the
the mental judgment of being terrible people because we can actually
approach reality which is i was 10 over yesterday so i can go 10 under
today and be fine and be on track with my goal rather than oh i was off
i might as well eat 19 pizzas because i'm off because that's the
psychological shorthand the psychological binary of yes or no and so
those two understandings have underpinned a lot of the breakthroughs in
terms of how i think through things that have served me well and also
when talking to entrepreneurs and they're trying to figure out what is
wrong quote wrong with their business when in reality even naming it as
a problem might actually not be the case when it is actually a dichotomy
that needs to be managed or they're labeling a binary when it really is
a continuum all right and so if you look at the problems that come up in
your life whether they're

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 personal whether they're physical
whether they're where they're business-wise if you look at just with
those two lenses first and and me sharing this like these are the things
that like charlie munger talks about having a latticework um of mental
models like how are the you know and he checks through decisions with
mental models and so i want to share as many of those as i possibly can
with you guys because i think um if we can think if we can be precise
with our language we can precise with our thinking if we can ask the
right questions we will get the right answers if you ask stupid
questions you get stupid answers if you play stupid games you win stupid
prizes and so my goal for everyone here in mozi nation is that uh we do
not play stupid games and not win super prizes but instead um get
exactly what we desire so that we can then ask the bigger questions of
life and so anyways my name is oxford mosey i own acquisition.com we do
85 million a year in portfolio revenue i have absolutely nothing to sell
you if you enjoyed this video hit the subscribe button if you didn't i
still love you either way lots of love and i'll see in the next video
bye
