https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW6JkqL6sdM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 mosey nation a lot of people ask how do
you guys get so much stuff done how does how do the companies move
forward with such speed um and for those who don't know my name is alex
hormozy we own acquisition.com our portfolio does about 85 million a
year and i have nothing to sell you which is why i have no coaches i
have no courses and i have no masterminds i give you all this stuff
because i just want you to not be broke and a lot of people are and so i
want you to be one of them all right and so this video is a video that
was i released in a group a very long time ago and it's one of the top
ranked videos in that group out of 300 videos and it was how we
tactically execute on speed so speed is king is one of the core tenants
of our companies actually turning that concept of speed into something
that everyone can execute on is one of the key things that moves you
forward towards your goals faster all right and it's not what a lot of
people think it's not about being impatient it's not a lot not about
trying to to get a hundred things done but it's about knowing how to get
the things done that matter a and then b how do we get these short tasks
done in a way that actually moves teams forward rather than individuals
all right so i think you'll enjoy the video it was ranked one of the top
ones and i'll see you on the other side mosey nation love you

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 good morning everyone hope you guys are
having a fantastic friday um today i wanted to uh talk about something
that um has been it's been on my doctor for a while but today felt like
the right day i'm calling this \[ \_\_ \] end of week what i mean by
that is one of the things that i've seen across the board when we're
talking to entrepreneurs and you know the the gym owner community that
we have is that the one trait i see over and over again that is clear to
the people who are are winners right the top one percent i'm not talking
top 10 but the top one percent is the speed with which they execute
after making a decision one of the definitions that like we talk about
in the community is that definition of power as i understand it is the
gap between thoughts becoming reality and so if you thought about an
omnipotent being right something someone who has unlimited power as they
think that thing would be right and so if you were to believe in a
creator of some sort then you might think as that creator thought the
universe became

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 right and so if you think that as like
the ultimate scale of power then the closer we can get to that the more
powerful we become the more potent we are as entrepreneurs and so i see
this so many times that it's it's not even it's not even uh oh like this
is associated with success like this is what creates success because the
gap between where you decide something is a good idea and when it
actually occurs is the loop with which you can improve your business and
so it's a lot like i can't remember what the saying was but it's not
like how old the car is but how many miles are on it what i mean by that
is like we're young right but there's been a lot of a lot of iterations
that have happened from you know when the business first started when i
started my first gym until now and i think the key to that is the speed
of the ooda loop and that's that's just like a military term like
observe orient decide act and it's just the loop with which that you can
basically see what's going on make a decision act on it and then do that
whole loop again right

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 because the faster you can pivot and
iterate the more responsive you are as an entrepreneur the faster you
can take advantage of opportunities the faster you can find out what
failures are then move on i want to talk about this within the context
of running a team and employees and then also within yourself and so
from running your team right one of the things that you know once once
you're moving out of you doing things all the time there's how do i get
other people to do things and so that's why i called this like \[ \_\_
\] end of week right is that i one of the things one of my biggest pet
peeves is like yeah i can get to that by end of week i'm like why don't
you just get it to me in an hour because that's how long it takes and
then all of a sudden it's like oh it's like well i have a meeting right
then it's like is it more important than this no okay well then do it
like if you think about how you can run an organization like that if you
can get things done end of day right rather than end of week you were
literally speeding up the organization 7x think about that and so when
you're thinking about deadlines and you're thinking about expectations
you as the owner can set the x you set the cadence if people say hey can
we do this and

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 then you're like cool let's start right
now you set the tone for how the organization's going to move how
quickly it's going to orient how quickly thoughts become reality and
ultimately how powerful your organization will become because of the
speed right and speed isn't doing things fast it's basically just not
being distracted by other \[ \_\_ \] that doesn't matter it's being able
to prioritize and most people a lot of the times aren't doing something
that's high priority right a lot of times they're just doing nothing if
you can speed up that loop and force and and put apply pressure to your
team to not do things by end of week or even end of day it's like it's
10 a.m can you get this done by noon uh okay and then you can have that
loop happen three times within a day rather than it taking three weeks
right because you set that cadence from the beginning and then things
get done faster so i've been reading some really interesting books
lately you know and i referred them out to um a handful of entrepreneur
friends that i have that are all doing five five to 15 million kind of
in that

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 range and what was amazing to me is
that every single one of them read the book immediately sent me back
their notes and what they were going to do with it and at like and
basically were asking feedback on on the angle that they were going to
take with it what's fascinating to me is that if you look at if you look
at lower level entrepreneurs they and i'm not saying in a negative way
i'm just saying in terms of just objective revenue like just they
haven't achieved as much the delay between being able to gain
information and act is so much longer and that's why they how where they
want to be it's kind of the same degree of people who are like who pay
for our program and haven't gone through the poor yet i'm like what do
you do right like what priority like what what education do you have
that is not relevant to your business like you're reading a motivational
blog right now when you have to translate that motivation into a thought
that you're then going to quote test and then you have to see how that
test works and then maybe it improves something rather than just
following the playbook that has already been tested and has already like
the the tree has been shook right and so if you look at like joey for
example who

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 by by all definitions his gym is the is
the number one gym within gym launch right he had already finished
everything in legacy by week eight his first eight weeks he'd already
implemented every single system in legacy and so it's not like it's not
like he has more hours in the day right it's not like his business is
different it's just that his level of efficacy in execution was so high
because it didn't allow himself to get distracted by things and the
moment he has something he needs to execute it's creates this itch
inside of him that he cannot he can't move forward without executing
this so that the relief comes and if you can start to foster that type
of behavior in yourself in those attitudes about execution you will grow
faster and you will become more powerful as an entrepreneur right if you
think about your competition who would you fear right the competitor who
sees what you're doing can immediately execute implement and improve on
it at a faster loop than you can even understand what's going on right
and that's where speed of first to

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 market and things like that don't
matter as much because if an ex if a competitor can execute an out ooda
loop right can can speed that loop up faster they can iterate improve on
it faster than you can and then you have no chance to catch up and so if
you're looking at your business look at it from a context of speed of
how long does it take us to improve things how long from understanding
that our churn is high to executing the five horsemen how long did that
take we knew what the problem was how long did it take for us to do and
if you can if you can if you can get real with yourself about how many
actual hours it will take to do something and then you look at your week
and you think okay what am i doing today that is more important than
this and where can i put these two hours and start with the moment that
you make the decision and then all of a sudden you'll be getting things
done that day that afternoon rather than end of week end of month we
purposely delay these things because we just procrastinate for no reason
when the the problem will not go away right and so that is why within
gym launch speed is king is one of the core tenants of the

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 business because you have to and the
tone has to start with you as the entrepreneur like you have to apply
that pressure you have to say \[ \_\_ \] end of week why like what are
you doing today that's more important than this right what are you doing
in the next two hours that's more important than this tell me right and
a lot of times you'll get the answer like well i guess i can do it now
it's like yeah then let's do it now let's get it done right and that
small change can 7x right if you even going from end of week to end of
day can 7x how quickly your business grows because the solutions that
you need to implement to solve the problems and break through the
bottlenecks happen today not in a week not in a month and then the
reaction to the next thing that breaks the next bottleneck in the
business happens not in a week not in a month but in a day and then
that's how quickly you can pivot from where you are to where you want to
go because it's not one big thing it's a million small turns that will
get you there anyways i hope i hope anyone you know somebody found value
in this if you have an employee or you're managing your team and you
want to implement new things

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 start with today right start with end
of day not end of week start with end of the next two hours and then
work backwards from there and then apply pressure and and push back on
excuses for why something else why something can't be done ask for why
why do you think this thing that you're going to do is more important
than this and i want a real answer right and if they can't give you a
real answer then it means that i need to help you prioritize and that's
fine but this is now going to be your priority because this is what
drives revenue this is what drives retention this is what's going to
drive the business look at your schedule identify the bottlenecks you
have and then start doing them now not in tomorrow not in a week not in
a month because there's no point it's just the speed with which you can
close the gap between your thoughts and your decisions and the reality
that you create in front of you will dictate how powerful you are as an
entrepreneur and even as a human being so anyways have an amazing day
have a fantastic friday for my gym lords i will see you guys on the call
later today otherwise keep being awesome tag

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 like comment all that jazz um lots of
love all right
