https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETEFhDICm5o

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone alex ramosa
here founder of jim launch allen prestige labs and owner of a couple
other companies um and today i'm going to talk to you um about how to
sell some stuff all right so there's um there's there's three types of
questions um i think i've talked in other videos about how um how to
structure your sales conversations but i haven't talked as much about
the nature of the questions and the types of responses that you're
getting right and so in a sales process right you're you have some
questions that are going to be mining questions that's trying to extract
information from the prospect and the remainder of the questions are
questions to get agreement right so you're going to put a proposition
out there and ask for agreement right and if you get enough agreements
it's going to be natural that they're going to want to move forward
working with you now the way that you structure these questions all
right i would say that you have yes-based questions you have um neutral
questions and then you have negatively inclined questions all right
first time i heard about this from chris voss he's the guy who does the
um he wrote the book never split the difference really interesting stuff

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 um and so a yes-based question would be
like sound great yes that sounds great right a neutral type of question
would be like fair enough does that sound fair does that sound
reasonable to you right they'd be like well that sounds reasonable now
it's still technically a yes-based question but the question that we're
asking has a neutral tone to it all right because we're not saying hey
is this the most amazing thing you've ever heard of like do you think
this is the most amazing program the amazing product like blah blah
that's asking a lot of someone right for them to agree to that so that
would be a harder yes to get it's easier to get something like a a
reciprocal yes which i would say someone says you know that's a lot and
we say no worries what if we did this fair enough they say well he made
a concession that sounds fair or if we did this does that sound
reasonable that's not like a fair expectation yes it does great and then
you can go to close the sale and if you've heard any of my past sale
stuff one of my favorite closes which i got from jordan belfort um is
fair enough right

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 i just love this clothes so much
because it's like fair enough right you make a concession fair enough
and so many times we were like well they made a concession and i'm a
reciprocal human being it's very hard for me to deny this request and
say yes i do believe it's fair and then you say boom then let's move
forward right but this is one that i learned very recently um that i
really like and i when i look back through my actual conversations i do
this and that's why i think it's so interesting because i'll i'm gonna
i'm gonna be i'm gonna level with you really quickly all the people that
i know who teach sales are natural born salesmen which is interesting
right they're natural born salesmen i don't know a lot of people who who
teach sales who weren't naturally very good at it quickly right um and
so there are some things that people naturally do because they've had a
lot of experience doing it and usually you get a lot of experience doing
it because when you start doing it you get enough success that you can
you can steamroll right um and grow and get a lot of volume and then
once you do lots of

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 volume then you can master at it but
you had some sort of inclination or proclivity towards the skill all
right um that being said it doesn't mean that anyone else can't become a
great salesman it just means you might have to have more reps to get
there now that being said no base statements this is actually where you
you go in opposition right and so the reason and the psychology behind
this per my understanding and it makes complete sense to me at least is
that people feel safer saying no people feel like they retain their
autonomy they feel like they're they're at ease it's harder especially
like you think about decision fatigue at the end of the day people don't
want to be responsible or anything they don't feel vulnerable to saying
yes and agreeing to something right instead they prefer to say no and
stay safe right but if you phrase your questions properly you can get
people to say yes by saying no which is one of the most powerful sales
taxes i shared in a different video where richard schwartz taught me how
to get someone to say yes by saying no hey you don't want anything else
do you no i don't want anything else and by doing that they got 95 of
people to take an upsell all right

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 now no base question this is something
like would you be opposed to moving forward today would it be completely
unreasonable for us to get started at the end of this conversation um
would it be a completely would it would be completely out of left field
for me to say that we should start you know start start working together
today um so it's all of these would you be opposed to would you be
against would it be unreasonable right all of those things are no based
kind of antecedents or sorry precedence that that that lead into a no
base question and so think about this if i said and i'm going to give
you the same same kind of scenario here if i'm trying to get my wife to
go where i want to go to dinner right because i want to go to cheesecake
factory the finest establishment in the land all right count it get the
cajun chicken little so you can get them half grilled and half uh half a
half right and get the get the sauces from the thai lettuce wraps
anyways um if i say hey babe you want to go to uh cheesecake factory she
might be like well no i don't want to go to cheese factory right or like
i'm not really

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 sure right now if i switched that and i
said would you be against going to cheese factory well i'm not against
going to tca factory and i'm like great let's go and so that's the
beauty of a no base question see how different it free it's phrased
right and if i say hey you excited to move forward today that's a yes
right it's harder to get someone to say yes i'm excited before today
would you be opposed to moving forward at the end of the conversation no
i'm not opposed to moving forward great and we get the sale and so this
is really interesting because um what i find because there's there's
lots of uh literature on you know getting people to say lots of yeses
and trial closes and things like that throughout the sales process but
in my mind these are all still ways of getting agreement which is the
goal so it's simply using psychology in terms of how people like to
respond to things how they feel in the moment of you know saying yes
makes them feel vulnerable saying no makes them feel safe and leveraging
that now that that being said it doesn't mean every single question you
have to ask has to be a no based question but i

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 think if you if you can rephrase a
couple of the key milestone questions that you have in your sales
conversations or if you feel like you're kind of closer to the edge with
someone leaning towards a no based question i think is something that
natural salesmen do well automatically like is it unreasonable for us to
move forward today right would you be opposed to moving forward today
would you be opposed to knocking out the paperwork should be opposed to
are you against xyz right oh no i'm not against it all right let's rock
and roll right um all of these are still ways to get questions and so i
think that in some of my sales scripts right now we're going to be
shifting from fair enough clothes drive is so wired in my brain from
doing it so many times um to some no based phrasing uh because it's
easier to get agreement with prospects especially even if they're kind
of fatigued at the end of the day or which is when people are less
likely to want to say yes to things um counter example there could be
decision fatigue and they just want to say yes to to get done with it
right depends on the size of the purchase but anyways i hope this was
valuable for

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 you in terms of phrasing behind the
questions obviously this is not for mining based questions where you're
trying to extract information from someone um and to better understand
this is really where you're trying to get agreements um towards
milestones to work together all right so i hope this made sense keep
being awesome lots of love i'll catch you guys soon bye
