https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR9dO1jZemE

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on uh if you are not
acquiring customers every single week week in week out then this is for
you all right so fundamentally two ways you can well there's six ways
you can search for clients but two that i want to talk about today is
going to be outbound and inbound all right so outbound being like you're
actively reaching out to people and getting a certain small percentage
to respond and the other version of that is paid ads which is
fundamentally again outbound you're displaying stuff it's just you're
paying a platform to have the eyeball rather than doing the manual work
to get the eyeball but the result is more or less the same a certain
percentage like one percent click from the ad and then they go through
the process whereas when you're doing outbound you have one percent that
might respond to your outbound response and then it comes inbound right
so what i want to talk about here is the number one thing that i see
people that mess this up is that they do insufficient volume and so what
i want to do is give you a rule of thumb that i'm coining the rule of
100 all right and what it basically states and i'm i haven't heard this
from anyone so i'm

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 i'm claiming it as my own all right is
that if you do a hundred of something every day you'll likely get better
at it and you'll likely be doing enough that you will be able to start
seeing an outcome so in theory if you were like the biggest master of
all time you would need to do less volume to get the same outcome if i
was the best paid advertiser of all time then i wouldn't need to do a
ton of paid advertising to get a lot of sales right right to the same
degree if i was the best cold caller in existence i would need to do far
fewer calls in order to generate the outcome they're looking for more
sales right but here's the twist how do you think you become the best
paid advertiser of all time how do you think you become the best cold
outbound cold messenger cold email or cold caller of all time volume and
so the volume begets the skill but the thing is as you get better at
something you like doing it more and so this is actually a circle that
continues to reinforce itself and the thing is is that most people do
not start with the first thing in high

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 enough quantity they do not do
sufficient volume which is why i'm introducing the rule of 100. and so
basically it states that if you are not acquiring like right now if
you're not acquiring customers then you're not doing the rule of 100.
it's very simple if you're not spending 100 per day on advertising or
doing a hundred reach outs per day then how do you expect to grow right
and i'm saying this you can add zeros you can remove zeros whatever but
the idea is that at a base level and this is per person this is per per
human being right that you have that's working if you are not doing this
then you're not going to grow right and so most people do outbound and
they do it one time a week or one time every two weeks when they feel
motivated they don't do it every day to the same degree they're doing uh
paid ads and they're like well i spent you know i spent 100 bucks

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 it's like so what you got to spend 100
every day right and then what's going to happen is you're going to suck
in the beginning and you hope you can break even and then over time the
skill will improve and then you will get more back from your volume
right but everyone wants to have a a huge skill and do low volume to get
their outcome but the reality is that to generate the skill you have to
have the volume and then in so doing you do more volume times the skill
and the skill gets better and then the outcome continues to increase and
so right now if you're not doing 100 outreaches a day in your business
where you're not spending 100 a day on ads how are you going to get
clients like what's the plan like how like like how is this working and
so one of the number one things is like when someone's reaching out to
me and they're like man i wish i could get more clients i'm like well
are you doing either of these first question and if they're not then
it's like well then don't pass go do one of these two pick one it
doesn't really matter the thing is is that if it's just you

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 running in your business then this is
going to be the cheapest thing to do because it's just selling your time
right in the beginning and you'll be able to do this and then you can
teach another person and then another person and then another person how
to continue to do this because you will then have the skill that you can
drop into their brains and so that they can replicate the same results
you will and reality is they're not going to replicate the same result
they'll probably do it half as well or a third as well but if you can
still get uh you know thirty to one ten to one returns on on the reach
out efforts that you're doing then you can stand to have a you know
fifty percent as effective person but have ten people doing it right at
the end of the day most people especially when you're in the earlier
parts of the business the people you hire aren't going to be better than
you are at these things but 10 of them will be better than you are at
those things and that was one of the biggest jumps i had to take is that
sometimes you have to take a short step back when you go from you not
selling to somebody else selling right but you can quickly go from one

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 person to three people to five people
selling because you are no longer the bottleneck of the constraint all
right and so just recognizing that and using the rule of 100 as a rule
of thumb for any of the any of the acquisition efforts that you were
doing i guarantee you uh will will serve you in your life and so it's
like if you have not spent a hundred dollars every day or if you have
not done 100 reach outs every day and you are struggling to get clients
then do that first and then keep doing it not one day do it every day
for 90 days right do it every day for 90 days and i guarantee you you
will have customers by the end of that process all right so anyways lots
of love put those value before you um if you did enjoy this drop a like
drop a comment and um i'll see you guys soon bye
