https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2JCTCQzgKM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 dui mom's in the hospital i just lost
everything holy \[ \_\_ \] i had nothing how the \[ \_\_ \] am i gonna
get out of this so i was hanging out with my team and they asked me some
of the biggest struggles that i had gone through in building the
companies that we have now and the wealth that we have now opening my
gym i thought it was gonna be really cool be like yeah i'm sleeping on
the floor i'm like hustling because that's what i thought like sounded
cool it was incredibly lonely i was in a state that i didn't know anyone
in a city that i didn't know anyone in a warehouse that there was cars
that would drive over all night long and it was like a gunshot it was
like and it was all concrete walls and there was no ac and so i would
just like sweat and be awake and i was working the other hours of the
day because my first client would get there at 4 o'clock my last person
would leave at 9 00 pm i was just like incredibly sleepless i live there
my clients would do my laundry for me and then i would shower at le
fitness that was hard that was very hard after i like built all the gyms
up i got out of that and then i sold them put all the money into this
new venture and the money was gone the processor got shut down so i
couldn't get the new money that i had made just felt like it was
quicksand it's like every time i took a couple steps i would just sink
again that was very frustrating this was like

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 the worst six months of my life it
started in october mom got sick went to the hospital i flew out while i
was there to get myself occupied i started launching gyms that's when
jim lunch actually started because i left my own gym so i was like i
gotta keep myself occupied reached out some people in my hometown and i
was like hey you know anybody and they're like yeah i know a guy so
that's that was like the first big gym launcher so i had the mom thing
and then i got in a dui and then the money that i put into the business
got taken after i sold all my gems to go all in on this new thing
because it was working so now i have like a dui mom's in the hospital i
just lost everything we had to do this launch to cover the refunds from
the last gym that i had to shut down and so we got the 100 grand from
the first launch was able to pay all of the refunds and i was back at
zero again did another launch had 100 grand that was what got taken by
the processors because they thought it was like a regular activity i had
six guys selling 8 000 a day in sales that i can't collect on and i had
no money and so i put it on a credit card like this could \[ \_\_ \] go
horribly wrong that was that whole month the last day of the month i got
a processor for 50k i ran 50. the next day was the beginning next

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 month i ran another 50. so it was 100.
we did 30 or 40k in profit and i was like did i just escape death and
then the next month the gyms from january february started refunding the
clients and telling them to sign up with them and so then all of that
money that i had made in profit the last month went back in and we were
150 negative and i was like how the \[ \_\_ \] am i getting out of this
because the thing is the more i sold the more i'd have to refund was
there a moment in that time where you were like maybe i'm not cut for
this i didn't think about it i had too many other problems i was just in
so much pain i just wanted to like get out of it i just had to pull like
something out of my ass that was why i had this big belief that like
some of the best businesses get made out of desperation i was 100 backed
up i had nothing and so that's when we were like you know what jim's
been a good run it was that was when i i called the guys up for the next
month and was like hey we're out sorry they were like can you show us
how i remember saying this to the first guy i was like call up my my uh
getting out of the gym business sale selling my secrets that's what i
said i was like i'm selling my secrets of everything i've learned from
all my gyms and all my locations and filling up 30 plus gyms and doing

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 turnarounds i'll give it to you it was
like how much and i said six grand i'm still a salesman i mean i can
recognize when something goes easy and i was like \[ \_\_ \] 6k sure
done it was so fast and then i was like eight and it was like yeah 10.
yeah that works i did 60 grand that day yeah so i was like holy \[ \_\_
\] i made 100k in like four days and that day was when like we switched
to licensing that was the lead up and i remember like putting the money
into my bank because i didn't have like another location to open or like
more equipment to buy like that's mine i'd repaid the processors
employees i'd pay back the refunds from the closed gym i was clear of
everything and then there was like a hundred grand left and i was like
i'm rich i mean i remember a buddy of mine calling me because i'd like
checked in with him a couple times and he knew that i was like just
going through a lot and he called me like a month apart he's like how
you holding up and i was like bro i was like i just made 400 grand last
month and he was like what i thought you like had the is it selling the
membership thing i was like no no like

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 selling the membership system and he
was like dude run in as hard as you can we went 400 780 a million it's
one two one five one eight two it was nuts it was literally me layla and
i we had we had an assistant i was it over the kitchen table my rent was
1200 bucks and i told layla i was like i don't know how long it's gonna
last that's why i kept our expensive solos i was trying to make money
like that was it i'm not trying to build a company i don't want to make
something that's gonna change the world i was like i'm trying to get
rich i was gassing the \[ \_\_ \] out of it pure getting away from pain
i had feelings that i didn't want to feel and so it's just like anything
that would make me not feel that way was what i wanted to do business
became my feel better drug i really didn't want to be poor again and i
really was getting reinforced heavily by the marketplace that i was good
at this thing and so it just gave me like complete alignment of just
like rocket fuel that way and then magnet this way we didn't take a
vacation we didn't take weekends we didn't see friends we didn't go out
we didn't drink i was like if i drink and \[ \_\_ \] this up i will hate
myself we can go get friends later i just took everything out of my life
that was not this like what about work-life balance i'm like people
don't understand

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 how little i gave a \[ \_\_ \] this
just like feeling horrible and then finally seeing some success i was
like \[ \_\_ \] anything that's not this like if every person who ever
met me at that point was like \[ \_\_ \] you alex die i would have been
like \[ \_\_ \] them like whatever like i'm doing this thing we blue
passed wealth numbers 4 10 14 20. kind of came up for air past 20 and i
was like oh we have 120 employees and we have like a company and then
somebody was like your company's worth 200 million so i was like really
\[Music\]
