https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DCDGSnRDtM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 Conor McGregor came with proper 12.
boom it was a 600 million dollar deal The Rock had taramana tequila
which is now worth like 4 billion Kylie made the front of Forbes as a
billionaire and she was 20. Mr Beast he will be a sense of billionaire
right now the entire economy has shifted the last century was a century
about the power and when I say power I mean like energy the wealthiest
individuals of the last century were built on oil the biggest companies
were all energy companies fast forward today four out of the top five
biggest companies in the world are not built on the old oil but the new
oil and the oil of today is attention rise in teens on tick tocks the
thing that is being pumped and drilled every day is the attention of the
masses you have 24 hours a day that your ears are open you have 24 hours
a day that your eyes are open and so the idea is how can we capture as
many of those hours from as many people as possible and the war for our
minds for me the stuff is all about like helping people connect the
total of

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 attention that exists is every human's
eyes and ears collectively 24 hours a day that is the pie and they're
fighting for it people who are creating the platforms that other
companies can come and drill they're basically the digital landscape
they envelope the world they're literally buying up the real estate of
the collective attention that exists the oil tycoons had to go and buy a
state negotiate haggle with the farmer to get us things the new world
today they don't need to haggle with anyone they just take it scarce
resources are the things that are the most valuable and so oil was the
scarce resource and now attention is the scarce resource and so that's
why attention is the new oil a friend of mine Ryan Fisher just showed me
a clip on his phone of a podcast that I did with him this is when I
wasn't really actually I didn't do any podcast I was that wasn't doing
any speaking stuff like all I was doing was building gym launcher
Prestige Labs I was like screw content just run ads I don't want to be
known I want to be rich and unknown it's funny because he was like and
now you're not doing that I was very

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 against it and then what happened Kylie
made the front of Forbes as a billionaire and she was 20. and at the
time I was 27 and I think I had taken home 17 million in income the year
before I was on Pace to do like 13 to 15 that next year in terms of take
home and I thought like I was hot \[ \_\_ \] and then this girl is seven
years younger than me \[ \_\_ \] crushes me in net worth and I was like
Wow and so it was just this huge belief shift for me where I was like
what am I doing wrong my ego felt hurt so I started protecting myself
and I was like oh no Kris Jenner's her mom she's an absolute gangster
she was born into this royalty it's not that she did it it was someone
else and blah blah ego protected I feel okay now and then Huda Beauty
sold a percentage of her thing for 600 million at the time it's worth
over a billion today Conor McGregor came out with proper 12 and 12
months later boom it was a 600 million dollar deal robot 12 and then the
rock had taramana tequila which is now worth like four billion just kept
seeing this again and again and again to the point where I was like I I
believe something that's not

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 true and so I talk about how skills
beliefs character traits are the three things that hold back
entrepreneurs and this one for me was something that I believed about
the world and I was functioning as though and it was not I was trying to
find those things because they construct our reality and we make our
decisions based on the things that we believe to be true and so I
basically was walking through a reality that was not real I then read a
book mine of all rubikov which is his Almanac which is really good
really quick read and you talked about the four types of Leverage in the
book Leverage is the difference between what you put in and what you get
out the people who make the most money are the ones who have the most
leverage because everybody's the same amount of time it's just who gets
the most back for their time and compounding is that now that you've
made that trade with your Leverage is it going to compound unto itself
and get you even more back because compounding is a form of Leverage and
you've got labor you get other people to do stuff for you which means
you get more of your time back and you get output above that you've got
Capital so people give you money you invest the money that other people
give you and you get leveraged by extension the last two levels are code
so you got software and media so if you think about this you make a
piece of code and then 10 million people can use it that's leverage you
put one-time investment you

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 get infinite on the other side with
media it's the same way if I take however much time it takes me to make
this video one person a million people a hundred million people can see
this video which is what gives it leverage when I saw that that was what
made everything click for me as to why these people were getting these
crazy crazy numbers when they had like I had heard Kylie had a team of
seven and she was doing 200 million a year I was like team of seven and
was because she had a compounding leverage vehicle built within her
business and that was when I looked at my own businesses at the time and
realized I had nothing that compounded nothing I almost became
dissatisfied with the business that I had because I realized that
whatever I wanted to do next I wanted to have a compounding vehicle
something that multiplies unto itself over and over again so Warren
Buffett could build Berkshire Hathaway because the money itself
compounds and compounds and compounds and on a long enough time Horizon
when you keep rolling the snowball after you do that for 40 50 years you
have a big \[ \_\_ \] snowball you have to unlock one of those four
types of Leverage and so when I looked at that pyramid I was like well I

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 understand the leverage of Labor so
I've got that I'm now in a position where I have Capital that I can
deploy now I don't have other people's Capital because that's not what I
want to do with my life right now but when I looked at software and
media I was like given my skills Etc I could be better at the media side
than I could at the code side but I still wasn't there yet I looked at
these people that are Ultra famous and I was like huh well I'd still
rather be anonymous because they've got all these stalkers and Weirdos
hey good morning when you get exposed to 10 million people if you figure
one percent of people are crazy you got a hundred thousand weirdos
anyways I go to have dinner with a friend of mine uh Dean graciosi who's
he gets like weirdos that come to his house and all that kind of stuff
and I was like how do you deal with this I was like why do you think
this like how is this worth it you just had me down he was like dude if
if a couple weird letters you know every day or every week is the price
I have to pay for the impact I want to have he's like I pay that price
any day of the week and twice on Sunday and there was just like this
pause when he said it between when he said it and he looked at me and I
just felt like it hit me because I was like God I'm being

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 such a pansy I want to make real
business education available to everyone if I say that that's what I
actually want to do then I need to match my actions to that otherwise
they're just empty words I hate doing something that I don't get credit
for later and so the idea of making a short that is going to float today
and then disappear into the ether tomorrow right or make a post on
Instagram that's going to be gone in a week like no one's ever going to
see it again to me taking the scarce resources of my time and then
having it vanish I couldn't make that work for me it was a huge belief
that I realized the content is not the output is the input the output is
the audience and the audience is what compounds the audience is what
sticks you're Gathering the scarce resource and the audience is the
thing that pumps attention over and over again you've got Mr Beast I
think he opened up a restaurant in a local area and had 10 000 people
show up at a local restaurant I don't think people realize that he's 24
and media compounds I will make a prediction that he will be a sense of
billionaire not just a

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 billionaire but a sense a billionaire
and so becoming a master of media is a huge way of creating leverage
because if Kylie can just point or Mr Beast can just point and then you
have a hundred million people who buy anything you have a billion dollar
plus company but once that shifted in me I'd stop seeing it as a waste
because I thought if I got one more person who's gonna see this short or
see this long or see this post or see this tweet or see this whatever
that was the point the reason Huda The Rock Conor McGregor or Kylie were
able to translate their attention into money one they spent a long time
building it right and amassing that attention because they knew that the
moment they did decide to monetize it it was right there think about how
long The Rock has been building the brand of the rock before he signed
his deal with Under Armor before he made termana before he made zoa 20
years he'd been building this brand people piss and moan about the fact
that you know they posted content for four weeks and they're not famous
yet one is they waited a really really long time and they didn't ask
they just they gave they give to their

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 particular audience the longer you can
wait the bigger the ass can be at the end the longer the runway the
bigger the plane that can take off from it the next thing is that the
thing they chose to monetize from was on brand this is something that
Their audience already dug the Rye signing the deal with Under Armor
makes complete sense because Fitness is a core part of his brand it's
about drive it's about power we stay hungry we devour like all of that
is something that Under Armor wanted to tap into to associate their
brand with the biggest brands that exist come from the endorsements of
celebrities we can't be Kim Kardashian a girl can't be Kim so Kim is the
ultimate status then Dolce Gabbana signs Kim and says wear our \[ \_\_
\] people then see the status that Kim has and Associate it with Dolce
Gabbana and then little lady who's got money and doesn't have status
trades her money for the bag that she can associate with Kim to get the
status that's the game let's look at LeBron and Nike they wanted to sign
him because they figure he is going to be iconic he is Iconic right and
they wanted to associate Nike Victory with

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 somebody who's Victorious because a
brand can't be victorious in and of itself it's not a person and so they
got to find the people who embody the spirit and the values of their
brand they make the endorsement people make the association in their
mind and then they buy the brand to get the the association of the thing
they could never do but always aspire to the people who are the most
famous you look at Rogan right he's got UFC he's also a really amazing
comedian and loves the comedy community Fitness and biohacking and
supplements and all and like brain stuff he loves all that stuff aliens
and UFOs and these are all totally different but the more Dimensions
that someone can go deep on the more they'll get an audience from Comedy
and then they'll cross-pollinate them with fighting it's this total
pollination which ultimately compounds the audience even faster and so
these Mega stars go deep on many things and capture bigger and bigger
audiences that Compound on themselves and they wait because they stay
loyal to their brand and then they appeal to a segment of Their audience
or they try to cut across the one that appeals to the most of them it
took me way too long to realize that the game had changed fundamentally
if

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 the Rockefellers were built on oil the
new generation of people are going to be built on attention media will
only become more expensive over time advertising becomes more expensive
content creation becomes more expensive it becomes increasingly
fragmented so it costs more to do it across different platform the
audience becomes more valuable the cost of getting the audience becomes
more valuable which means the best time to start is now the people who
will become the new sense of billionaires Etc is going to be people who
can do three things they will be able to capture they have to be able to
hold they have to be able to multiply attention
