https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTgGfV8Tf00

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 hard work will not make you rich I get
driven nuts by the amount of gurus and influencers and whatever who want
to brag and say no one can outwork me I'm the best in the world so many
people outwork me I still make more money than them there has to be
something else one of the things that grinds my gears about a lot of
people that I see on Instagram that you probably see too is this whole
like no one can outwork me Mantra first off it's objectively false
because many people a outwork you today be outward give in the past see
you haven't met everyone indeed it doesn't \[ \_\_ \] matter anyways
it's the same thing when someone's like I'm the best and you have to say
you're the best because if you don't think you're the best it shows that
you're not confident to me I don't take that at all if someone's like
I'm the best then why aren't you on \[ \_\_ \] Billboards that's what
the best would look like absolutely you need to do the work you need to
put volume in it's the only way you get better but if you start claiming
that you are the best you cannot be outworked you are making statements
that you know are not true why are we bragging about work because work
has very little to do with the highest levels of the game Warren Buffett
talks about if he makes two good decisions a year he's had a good year
and so how how is it that one of the

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 best investors one of the best business
people in terms of measuring it by money which is how you measure
business talks about how he does basically nothing reads five or six
hours a day eats McDonald's and makes a couple good decisions a year how
is it that that guy is making so much more money than the people who are
bragging about the fact that they work so hard everyone only has the
same hours of the day anybody who only sleeps eight hours or only sleeps
seven hours and works the remaining of hours of the day all of them
would be tied for hardest working so what creates output you have volume
of activity and then you have the leverage of the activity that you're
doing that's what creates the total output in order to do anything you
must do something there has to be some level of energy that gets input
into the system our activity in terms of number of activities is a very
newbie measure of success in the beginning Warren Buffett doesn't say I
sent a thousand emails today he doesn't talk like that he's playing a
different game Jeff Bezos didn't like woke up at 4am today now mind you
I'm saying this to somebody who likes waking up early we can't be as
superstitious about what matters waking up early doesn't matter going to
bed late doesn't matter not sleeping a lot doesn't matter

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 the few things that matter are the
inputs that go into the system that have the most leverage to create the
most output now if you're a newbie and you can't get your ass off the
couch then by all means figure out how to actually get your ass off the
couch and do stuff but then there's only so many hours and so boom and
then very quickly you hit your capacity of work great you've maximized
that now what the leverage that we have on that activity is going to
dictate how much we get out of it and if we do a low leverage activity
many many many times we might get more than a high leverage activity
that gets done once a CEO who's going to work with acquisition.com Works
virtually every hour of every day when they come in almost everybody
does sometimes they ask they're like am I going to be working more or
like it's impossible for you to work more but you are going to be
changing what you work on because that's the only lever we have there's
only 24 hours so we're going to switch these nine out and we're going to
plop these in with higher leverage activities and so the way that we do
that is we look at their calendars and we look at their org chart this
is how you \[ \_\_ \] grow business you look at what they spend their
time on and you see which of these activities are low Leverage is there
anyone else in this org chart that we can hand these activities to and
if a large percentage of these activities are a certain type of thing
and they don't exist in their

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 chart then it's a role that we need to
hire the point of why I hate the concept of no one cannot work me is
that there are many ways to win the game if you were to think about an
amazing goal as a dragon to be slain if you are familiar with video
games in any way when you create like a war party you have a group of
people that are going to go go on a quest you don't just have 10
paladins or guys who just have Shields and swords so you've got a Healer
a mage that's really good at damage but can't take a lot of damage then
you've got a paladin you can't hit as hard but he can take a lot of
shots you find people who have complementary skills if you're playing
football you don't have 10 running backs the entrepreneur really should
be the coach of the team it's about organizing the pieces and how the
well they play together that ultimately determines how good the team is
like how many times have you seen the team with the All-Star that has
the poor Supporting Cast get beat by the overall better team it happens
all the time a lot of entrepreneurs as I see in them are trying to play
the game like they're the star player and they want to score all the
points but they lose to Apple because Apple's got a team we celebrate

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 a specific action like work when it's
really just saying oh look there's a paladin who can take a lot of hits
cool that's not the only thing that's required to win I think what is
more valuable is to know what are each of the roles that exists within
the business a b is there one of these that you map to based on your
characteristics and skill sets and then see what is my eventual
Evolution through entrepreneurship we'll start at the beginning which is
what are the players on the field so if you think about it by function
you've got somebody who has to promote who's got to be a good marketer
they have to understand how to make things known across different
platforms telling stories building a brand providing value to an
audience that's what marketing is sales is being able to convert that
raw attention into a sale direct response ads sales Pages video your
sales letters Etc which is pretty much anything that's physical products
or software based that's low ticket or it's higher ticket
people-to-people hand-in-hand combat who know how to in the beginning
sell and then later train how to sell and then later later lead people
who train how to sell these are not necessarily the same

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 people I've met really brilliant
marketers who suck at sales I'm really good sales people sucking
marketing then you've got somebody who understands product how do I make
something beautiful the guy who started Shopify he's not CEO of Shopify
he's had a product he's a mage he knows how to cast spells and you've
got the experienced people who are managing everything outside of the
actual product itself how do customers engage with us how it can provide
more value how to give an amazing experience how do we make sure they're
hitting these Milestones this person who knows customers experience and
customer success is not the same person who understands product and ux
and design that's a different game which is different the guy who knows
how to close this different guy that knows how to promote the bigger the
Enterprise gets the more specialized the skill becomes and the deeper
The Well of experience that people need to be they have to be more
specialized when people are like I can't be outworked you're bragging
about the wrong thing it should be like I can't be out recruited I can't
be outmanaged no one can build a culture like me that's super high
leverage across the organization no one can lead like me but no one can
outwork me it's just an irrelevant activity metric I love working I work
all the time but I

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 would never claim that no one works
harder than me I tend to have very good leverage with the activities
that I do I spend tons of time writing a book in that book prints and
sells copies forever it's a different way to play the game and so level
two of this which player you are in the Middle Run of this you end up
segregating yourself to a portion of the business that you're an expert
at or that you're best at CMO or chief sales officer Chief product
officer it's not about one player being the champion here it's about how
the team works together which then gets to the third level of this is
just about being the coach think about what the best coaches do they're
literally trying to head hunt the best players and they're trying to
recruit the best people from college look at what Google does think
about their recruiting efforts they have huge influxes dedicated to
getting the best and smartest people out of college and they have
another ring for the best and smartest people come out of business
school and then another one is their very high level recruiting at the
top of the executive level the parallels between sports and business
they are almost the same in that way now mind you you can only have you
know 10 or 11 people on the field you might have ten thousand but if
each of those players represents a a function or Department of the
business it makes more sense when we

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 move up the levels of Entrepreneurship
we need to make sure that we're playing the right game and that we're
using the right metric to measure our success final level of this is
being the coach is recruiting the top level Executives and creating a
farm system underneath to feed into the company that you have so you can
have a sustained competitive advantage and create a dynasty for the team
so you can create the best winning team every year and have the soft
skills of creating culture of high performance so that you get the most
out of every individual player and the difference between amazing
coaching and mediocre or poor coaching is what would players do if they
had no coach or leader and then what would they do if they had the best
coach and best leader the Delta between those two is the value of the
coach the value of the CEO the CEO needs to have the highest return on
time out of anyone in the organization because they need to always be
solving the next problem as long as when they replace their time the
activities they do with the new stuff builds the business even more then
that trade will always work and if CEO can come in and turn a business
around even behemoths around in two three years based on the standards
that they set and

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 the values that they stand for that
Delta across the entire organization is your greatest Leverage
