https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul87yrDKZ78

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to walk you
through exactly how you can overcome i forgot my wallet at home if you
don't know hi my name is dr mozy i own acquisition.com it's a portfolio
of e-learning and coaching businesses that does about 85 million a year
and have nothing to sell you and so what i want to talk to you about
today is how do you overcome this and you can do this in person or you
can do it over the phone and there's a process that we've used and this
is just i had to learn this the hard way was figuring out how can i set
this up so that i can decrease the likelihood that someone says they
forgot their wallet now notwithstanding you probably messed something
else up in the sale earlier which would make them say that because
realistically no one ever leaves their home without something to pay
with like think about yourself you've literally never left home without
a way to pay for stuff all right so like it's not actually real but it's
nice to have stuff in your back pocket to know how to decrease the
likelihood that it comes up and then how to address it if it does okay
and so once we've gotten to the end of the sale and we say like fair
enough and they'll say yes and you say cool let me see your id do you
have your id on you which is the question that i would and i would
always do this like if you're in person or you probably do it on zoom
you just look at them you're like give your id on you and i do this and
then they know that they take out

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 their id right and so what happens is
they'll either take out their purse if it's a lady or it's a guy he'll
take out his phone or his wallet wherever he keeps his id now the next
part that's important here is that especially if you're in person but
you can also see the zone zoom is that when they're taking it out they
usually have their id next to the things that they do payment with and
so once they have given you the id because it's much easier to ask
someone for their id then it just asks them for their payment method you
then say awesome and so you take it you see it you take a picture of it
if it's on zoom because you need it for your stuff or if you're in
person you should take it from them and the reason you do this is
because it actually builds trust when you give it back all right because
it means that like hey you have nothing to fear here i grabbed it from
you and i'm giving it back but it's much easier to grab someone's id
than to describe someone's credit card alright so hey do you have your
id on you right they say yes they pull their wallet out you can see the
fact that they have cards you say great you take it you write down the
stuff you make oh you're from so and so oh that's so cool i know i have
a dog in michigan blah blah blah whatever right he writes out and then
you hold it back and you hold on to it and you look at them and you say
let me trade you for the card you want to use okay let me trade you for
the card you want to use and so when you say that you're

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 literally staring and ideally if you're
in person i would shake the card in the direction of the wallet that's
sitting on the table or the phone that they have that has like the slots
in it or whatever or their purse whatever it is like you're shaking in
the direction so they know that they need that you're indicating that
they need to take out their wallet okay so at this point though usually
you've already you've already set the scene so that you're not gonna
have an issue with this now this is the only thing they can possibly say
at this point because they've now shown you that they have payment
methods in front of them they will then say i don't have the card that i
want to use okay and so in this instance there's two things that you can
do from this point besides like and depending on the level of rapport
you can back up a second be like hey sandy listen i don't want to make
you feel like you know uncomfortable in any way and this is where you
have to ask questions based on some of the information that you've had
up to this point it's like what would make this not a fit for you right
sometimes it's like you just you just skip all the you just ask like hey
let's just pivot for a second don't worry about signing up i just want
to talk to you like what did you come in here for i want to lose weight
okay cool what have you done like you basically have to re-remind them
in the sale but if you don't have to do that here's the two ways you can
overcome this number one is they'll always have their phone

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 on them okay now if they don't have
their phone on them like every single human being on planet earth has
their phone on them right for everybody who's uh online of course there
are countries that don't have phones and that is unfortunate but you're
on youtube and you're watching this so you have a phone okay so you ask
them to take their phone out or and then you say cool what bank do you
bank with and then they'll say whatever bank they bank with they're like
cool can you pull up your banking app real quick and i'll be like okay
cool go to statements as soon as they go to statements you say cool
there you go you can click any of the months it doesn't really matter
and on the top right you'll see your account number and so right there
it's the full account number for their their account and you can write
that down in lieu of a credit card it's an ach transaction if you can't
do acs transactions you should get that set up with whoever processes
your money because it opens up another way for you to make a sale the
other alternative is to say hey no worries do you have your apple wallet
set up now i wouldn't do that as my go-to i would do the bank statement
and ach play first because just about everybody who banks has their
banking app on their phone and a way to pull the statements and see the
account number so the likelihood that you do that is virtually 100 and
so this works especially well for

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 in-person sales because like they're
right there they have their phone you can say pull cool do you have your
phone on you they'll say yes obviously you say cool pull your banking
app up they pull it up you walk them through statements account numbers
in the top right and you write down if you don't do ach go get it set up
so that you can do this to overcome these issues right and then option
two is you have them pull up apple wallet and if they don't have apple
wallet then you're like cool how about this why don't you put one of the
cards you don't want to use down right now because i have to do that
it's policy right so you put it outside of yourself like hey this is
just how we've always done it right and you get them to write down the
card that they don't want to use we say no worries what i'll do is i'll
delay the payment for for for 24 hours and so that you can go home and
just and just swap whatever card you want you want to use for it okay so
it'll run tomorrow so just make sure that when you get back and i'll
shoot you a text what time you're going to get home okay cool i'll send
an alarm on my phone why don't you send an alarm on your phone because
you have your phone out um and i'll call you at that time cool great and
then so you can get it and so to walk you through this you write down
the info and make a joke about where they're from and you build you
reinforce rapport indicate you shake it back to them and say hey let me
let me trade you for the card you want to

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 use most times this will like this will
handle 80 of the scenarios anyways they'll give you the card if they
don't give you the card right because they say i don't have the card
that i want to use because it's the only thing they can really say in
this instance is you say cool pull your banking app up get ach if you
can't do that you've got apple wallet which you can see do you use apple
wallet if they say no then you go to the final step that you can do
which is let me just use one of the other cards you have we'll delay the
date and then i'll text you in a minute or when you get home so that we
can swap the cards fair enough right now either way the deal was closed
with that credit card and you have the contract on file that says that
okay so you're fine but it's up to them to swap it out now the key point
here is that you can ask questions like hey um you still want to do this
right and they're like yeah of course and you're like okay cool then
let's just put this other card in and then when you go home you can stop
it out for me all right fair enough easy okay cool now sometimes it's
like well i don't have enough money and so then you're like cool what
day do you get paid and a lot of times it's like whenever i'd have like
fridays coming up awesome so what today's wednesday let's put it on
friday and that's when you get paid cool okay great boom and a lot of
times you can just close the deal because we just have to identify what

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 the issue is and you can usually tell
based on the rapport of the person that sometimes they're hesitant
because they actually don't know if they have money or they're hesitant
because they don't want to do the program and that's why it's important
to ask like hey you sure you still want to do this like i just want you
to get what you said you wanted to come in here for they said you know
what i want to do it's like cool then let's just put that card down that
gets you in you locked your spot up like you're in the program you're
good and then when you get home just swap the card you want to use right
and it's like cool got it that is the four or five step process a i walk
through to decrease the likelihood that someone says they left their
wallet at home and we can prove that they didn't leave their wallet at
home if they say they left the type of payment they wanted the steps to
overcome that so that that doesn't blow up the deal for you all right
and i learned this just from doing a zillion sales um in my life and
step by step adding these little tweaks that improve the likelihood that
i was actually going to close the deal and so my hope is that you can
use this immediately and not have to go through all those sales uh to
use this stuff in your life all right so keeping awesome lots of love
mozination i'll see you guys next video bye
