https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7O-XkhcLiA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to talk to you
about the single most important decision that you can make in your
business career and it has everything to do with opportunity vehicles
all right so for the vast majority of people who watch this it will go
over your head but for a very select few um it will be the thing that
creates the riches that that you'll build your fortune off of so if you
don't know who i am my name is alex ramose i own acquisition.com it's a
portfolio of companies that does about 85 million a year and i have
nothing to sell you and so uh the purpose of this channel is that
there's a lot of people who are broke and i don't want you to be one of
them so mosey nation let's uh lock in and rock and roll so when i say
opportunity vehicle what i mean is what is the what is the monetization
structure that you're going to monetize your skills and ultimately the
value that you provide in the marketplace and so what i want to do is
kind of tell you a bit of a story to illustrate this concept because it
is the single most important concept that you will probably ever have to
grasp and this is the element of strategy all right this is people use
the word strategy and they throw it around because it sounds cool but
most people don't even know what it

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 is or how to really execute on it and
so the first story i want to tell you is probably the the conversation
that changed my life the most and so this is probably five years ago i
joined a mastermind this is russell brunson's mastermind and at the time
i had six locations uh for my gyms and i had seven eight nine and ten
already planned out i had picked the locations and i was planning on
doing build outs and launching them so i could have 10 locations and my
plan at the time was to um be america's next gym so it was united
fitness was our brand i own the trademark and it was an awesome you know
i was very excited about it as i was kind of rattling off our stats and
all this stuff russell stopped me and was like hey man i don't think you
should do that and i was a little taken aback because my thought was of
you know joining this mastermind was they're going to help me accomplish
my goals which was to become america's gym he said you're so good at
this he said you you have a level 10 skill set and a level two
opportunity

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 and that really hit me it took me like
a ton of bricks because i was like here's this guy that i looked up to
who's who was making more money than me i was kind of in shock i didn't
know what to really say about it and so he paused and he continued and
he said you shouldn't be running these gyms he said you should be
showing people how you run these gyms that's the difference he's like
you shouldn't be doing it you should be showing other people how you're
making as much as you are with these facilities and how you're opening
them at full capacity and how you've you know reimagined the entire
acquisition process and how you're retaining clients and how you're
making more profit it was a really hard decision for me because i
already had six locations i had employees i had you know i had 30 plus
employees at the time and you know i had tons of vendors that i had good
relationships with and it was a huge pivot point in my life but
ultimately i decided to heed his advice because i feel like if you don't
listen to people who you are asking for advice from now this is with a
grain of salt like you should always make your own decisions but you
know one of the one of the difficulties is seeing the unseen right every
billionaire right now can look at my life and say like these are the
things that you cannot see and so it is

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 because i do not see that it's the
unknown unknowns that are the things that are the risks in our life and
so my goal here with this channel is to hopefully show you the things
that i can see to mitigate those those risks for you all right so what i
want to illustrate here and this is what ended up happening i'll tell
you kind of like the the the end result of that decision at the end of
this video um it was pretty cool but if we if we break this down right i
had some skills all right and there's lots of them that i had um i had
some i had some traits that were good for me right and then i had some
beliefs now what i needed at this time in my life is i needed an upgrade
here i had really strong skills and i had pretty decent traits i would
say i had the work ethic i had the focus and things like that and skills
i knew how to scale sales teams i already was running a six person sales
team at the time you know i knew how to market i knew how to provide
fitness services like those were all things right and so if you think
about this from a baseline right i knew fitness that was my skill set
all right i knew how to help people

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 lose weight and i uh new business right
uh i knew marketing i knew sales i need fulfillment for uh a a coaching
style business so these are let's just say this is my base this is my
base skill set all right so the first level of this opportunity would be
me doing it in person the next level of this opportunity would be me
doing this remotely the next level of this opportunity would be me going
b2b and licensing this model right to other businesses that already
existed the level above that biz op because now my total adjustable
market increases right and so if you think about this and i'll walk
through each of these examples in depth but each of these pretty much
would add a zero to my income and that is because these opportunity
vehicles improve by an order of magnitude all right it's a standard
deviation and literally when i say add zeros each time was a 10x
increase in my income and mind you i haven't done this one

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 right so i'll i'll i'll explain that at
the end but this is now something that i have the perspective from which
to to at least walk through this so you can understand all right and so
the first thing is me doing this in person will inherently limit my
radius right so every time i had to open a new location i would be able
to service a five to seven mile radius right so that's over here that
means that i could only serve these tiny little amount of people when i
was doing this to go up in magnitude right as soon as you can start
servicing remotely and so my income went from five figures per month
here to six figures per month here to seven figures per month here and i
would imagine that if i had made this next jump it would probably jump
to eight figures per month over here and so understanding this is going
to be the key to ultimately how much money you make in your life the
thing is is that in order to progress through these opportunity vehicles
levels the foundation upon which you build will be based on the nuance
and the depth of your skill which comes from experience

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 from doing the thing before so another
way to think about this is a pyramid right and the thing is is that the
wider the base of this pyramid the taller the peak will ultimately
become right and so if i have a tiny pyramid my absolute peak of this
thing is going to be tiny and if i have a much bigger pyramid because i
have a much bigger base i'm going to have a much much bigger overall
income this is when i had i was making ten thousand a month this got me
to a hundred thousand dollars a month one million dollars plus per month
and i think that what will happen next because i think i understand how
to do this now the next thing that i do will probably get me past 10
million dollars per month which you guys are sort of seeing already said
acquisition.com is on pace to do that probably end of next year the idea
here was local remote and then this transition here was the b2b
transition and then this is the tam transition so with each of these
increases or opportunity vehicle changes we're able to make more money
right it's

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 because here from local to remote we
serve more customers from remote to b2b we ultimately transform the
value that we're able to provide from helping lots of people lose weight
to helping a handful of people that make a lot more money and then from
here we went from b2b from a very small amount of people to a very large
amount of people all right and so if i were to um continue to want to
grow gym launch for example then what i would do would be to probably
franchise that and the reason that franchising would work there is it
transforms that business from a professional services business which is
what it is which takes existing business owners um within that vehicle
and improving their bottom line and top line to taking people who are
not in the game at all and so there are four more people who would like
to make money through a gym then there are gym owners and so by
extension this would be a

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 better opportunity vehicle all right
and so i'll probably end up coming with a framework for this but when
russell told me you're a level two opportunity he meant this he meant
it's very difficult for you to scale this nationally now not to say that
you can't it's just that this is the operation that i will share with
you as well is that i have dealt with a tremendous amount of business
owners you know through our professional services businesses when i can
see somebody who has let's say 10 locations of brick and mortar when you
have 10 locations your skill set is that of somebody who could move up
in the opportunity vehicle schema all right and so what happens is you
get stuck in these inferior opportunity vehicles where the level of
effort the level of leverage you have is significantly less and so i'll
tell you this quote from warren buffett that really like gives me the
shivers he tells the story of his one of his closest friends from
colombia so he went to columbia business school and he said there was
this fellow that was very bright very hard-working very ethical very
good friends with warren

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 and they both ended up doing their own
thing warren went to make his first partnership in investments and this
other guy went into the steel business all right and he said over the
rest of his career he said the other fellow made good income but never
really made anything spectacular and he said it taught him this single
lesson it is more important what boat you are in rather than how hard
you row and so this is why when we talk about picking markets right
picking markets is one of the most important decisions that you make
because you feel you see who you are going after if you look at this
process that i'm looking at here this is a market selection process so
another word for mark for opportunity vehicles what is the market
selection we're going after now it is important to niche down first you
start small and then you expand up as your skill set increases you find
out how to consistently deliver high value to a particular marketplace
and then you expand to another vertical right and then you expand to
another

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 vertical which can either be wider or
adjacent either of those things and so when i when i thought about that
it's all about the boat that you are in rather than how hard you row
that is why for example a a bad business owner or a mediocre business
owner might have entered cannabis five years ago and killed it a bad
business owner might have entered crypto space five years ago and now
kill it and there are probably far more skilled entrepreneurs in other
opportunity vehicles who made less money and it was not because of how
hard they rode but what boat they were in and so the single greatest
decision that you can look at is going to be your opportunity vehicle
and so i'm saying this live with you because i'm thinking through this
out loud but it would probably be a function of two things market times
deliverable all right and so the market is going to be all the things
that i just went over and for those who don't know this channel it's you
want to find somebody who's really easy to find you want a growing
marketplace you want them to have money and you want them to be in

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 pain all right so that you have
something that you can solve for them that's a really sad smiley face
all right in terms of delivery the two highest forms of this all right
in terms of opportunity vehicles and this is borrowed from naval ravicon
right is that you've got code capital cooperation which is labor right
and then you've got content or media and so the higher up you go on this
thing the more leverage you will have in your deliverable and so for
example if you have a super high leverage deliverable in a very good
four out of four marketplace you will probably make you will have a
level 10 opportunity if you are in a hard-to-find market that is
shrinking or not growing that fast that has low purchasing power and
people that are not that much pain and you're doing something that is
low on this leverage scale you will have a level one opportunity and so
what i'll do is i'll finish the story that i started at

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 the beginning of this which is what
happened once i made this switch so what happened for me is i i fire
sold the gyms that i had the six gyms that i had over the next 90 days
or so and then i started flying out and launching other people's gyms
for them so i would fill gyms to capacity in 30 days that was the
promise i said i'll fill you gym in 30 days guaranteed and they never
needed to pay me and i operated 100 on performance so it was a very easy
offer to sell that scaled up to about 350 000 per month and from there i
went up this vehicle so that was when i was using cooperation for my
employees and then i switched to here which was content so we switched
to a licensing model and then from there we went to 4.4 million per
month by making that switch and the key thing that i want to draw your
attention to to go back to the very beginning of the story is that my
skills more or less remained unchanged

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 and that's the moral of this story is
that my skills remained more or less unchanged i had this skill set but
when i maximized the opportunity vehicle that i was pursuing which was a
function of market times the leverage of my deliverable i was able to
make significantly more money and so this is the single greatest
decision that you will have to make with the portfolio companies that we
take on what i'm often looking at is how can we increase the opportunity
vehicle that we are working with the base skill set of the entrepreneur
and so a lot of times it's a very short conversation that can
dramatically change the trajectory of that individual's life and
ultimately their net worth and the fortune that they build simply based
on on structuring the business in a different way and figuring out a
better way to package those skills into a different or superior
marketplace and so that is ultimately uh i would say the cornerstone of
this big word that people throw around all the time the strategy is
knowing who you're going after and

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 more specifically who you are not
going after so that you can ultimately make the most money so anyways um
i hope you found value in this uh if you did hit the subscribe button if
you did not i love you either way keeping awesome osu nation uh like i
said my name is alex for moses moon acquisition.com i have absolutely
nothing to sell you keep being awesome i'll see you guys next video bye
