https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GO6VCcLlnLs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to show you how
to raise your prices it's one of the best ways you can increase
profitability your business and ultimately make more money and give you
more spending power pay people better provide better experience all of
the many benefits that go with raising your prices but one of the fears
of raising your prices is what if i don't sell anyone what if my sales
team doesn't have conviction what if my market won't bear that price 99
times out of 100 it's purely in your head and in your sales team's head
but having now raised my prices in a number of different businesses a
number of different industries across different sales teams i have a
process that has worked very very well for me and i'd like to share with
you okay so what i've written here uh on the board here different prices
uh that i might be increasing going from one thousand two thousand two
thousand three thousand three thousand four thousand four to five six to
eight ten to twelve these are common price increases that happen and
what i want to do is kind of walk you through the strategy in a real way
so that you can see what this equates to in a real business okay so if
we're if we're going right i'm trying to uh increase from let's say 2k
to 3k the way that i do it is i actually bump my my top price up by an
additional

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 uh percent all right and so i actually
make the new price four thousand dollars which is the price acre this is
what the sales people are going to say on the phone right and here's
what's cool is that i say cool you can pay this four thousand dollars in
in 2k you know and 2k right you can make that that payment that way and
the reason we do that is because 2k is their their emotional anchor
they're used to getting two thousand dollars and so i'm gonna say cool
you still have that in your back pocket you're totally fine it's safe
it's gonna be okay right so we're gonna say it's four thousand dollars
which they can either pay 2k a ticket or they can get some same day
savings and pay 3k today all right and so by doing this it allows them
emotionally to have home base where they feel comfortable and safe
asking for two thousand dollars right say cool and the extra payment you
can make in 30 days or if you want you can just pre-pay it and pay 3k so
it actually gives the sales people a discount to get the price that is
now higher for us all right so let's walk through another one because i
think this is uh this is something that's good to to walk through
together so let's do

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 this 4k one so your 4000 you want to
bump to 5000. all right well again we're going to bump over to do we're
going to skip over that 5k and we're going to jump straight to 6k this
is going to be our new price anchor and we're going to say cool what i
want to do is you can either pay 4k today and then 2k in 30 days now
notice that this is a disproportion slip i prefer to do uneven splits
personally because i want to still keep more cash up front right and the
reason this also is cool now check this out right remember this person
always said 2k well it's like well shoot i can either pay 2k now 2k in a
month or so or just an extra thousand to get to the 3000 see how much
easier this is to sell same thing happens here right you're at six
thousand dollars you say cool 4k remember this is home base this is what
our sales team is used to selling so they have conviction around this
number they're comfortable saying something they don't get tongue tied
around saying this number right it's like or so you can pay 4k today and
then 2k in 30 days or you can just pay an extra thousand and get it all
taken care of today right and so all of a sudden you're down selling
this upsell

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 you're down selling and making a
discount compared to a price anchor which we introduced on the call so
it actually makes it easier for your sales team to sell now this process
that i just outlined is exactly how i raise prices because i've done
i've tried to you know i've tried to just say okay guys you just got to
deal with it it's just in your heads but you know as time has gone on
and like i've become more weathered than this it's good to have a
process and so a couple of the takeaways that i want you to see from
this is one is that they're going to have an emotional comfort sailing
around a certain price you have to accept that right and there's a
reason that you're the entrepreneur because you tend to be a little bit
more adaptable a little bit more flexible a little bit more growth
worries and that's okay right but you have to meet people where they're
at and so if this is what they're comfortable then we still need to give
that to them so they still have that and that's what they can always ask
for up front right and then the second thing that i want you to take
from this so first is that you give them there so i'll write numbers on
this right first is that you give them their home base number one all
right number two is that the price that we are going to be anchoring is
not the price that we're actually trying to get to so if we want to get
to 3 000 from 2000 we're actually

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 going to talk about a 4 000 price point
which anchors high and then when we introduced number three which is the
prepayment discount that is actually the number that we're looking for
all right the fourth tidbit that i want you to take from this is
noticing the discrepancy between what they can pay today versus what
they're going to pay over time all right i prefer to have an uneven
split because a i'm going to have more cost of onboarding i prefer to
make more cash flow up front and the beautiful benefit of just the tiny
incremental increase from that one payment from for a 4k 2k split
compared to just i just pay 5k today and be done with that creates a
very compelling offer all right now if i were to jump from let's say 10k
to 12k this is going to be a really really minor difference right i
could do uh do this a couple of different ways i could say you know 3
times 4k right or what i would probably prefer is something like 6 plus
3 plus 3 right so i get a little bit more up front for the payment and
then more over time now notice if i do six super three then it's going
to automatically encourage people

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 far more to take this upfront
prepayment discount right it's like well for only an extra one more
thousand than what i would make on my second payment i don't have to
make any more payments right and so you're noticing the four points that
are that are going to be consistently used here right is that one we're
going to try and give them home base as much as we can right number two
we're going to jump over the number that we're planning on trying to
price it at so we have a higher price anchor so that we can down saw the
prepayment discount which is number three and noticing that the comfort
price compared to the prepayment discount should only be marginal right
and the reason we do that is because they're like oh man it's just a
little bit extra and i can pay that now but what we accomplished through
doing this and like that 4k that uneven split is that now we've
successfully raised the price we've gotten more people to prepay because
of the way that we structured the pricing and we've done it in such a
way that the sales team can feel confident and convicted about it so
they can sell consistently without any issues and i'll give you one more
pro tip before we go so if you're ever going to raise your prices always
always always clear the

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 pipe all right so clear the pipeline so
announce it always own your price increases it's one of the easiest ways
to create true scarcity and urgency all right so if your team knows that
this is going to happen then it gives them urgency to close more deals
faster and clear out the pipeline so give them a heads up say hey we're
going to increase the price next month hey we're gonna be increasing the
price in the next two weeks so it gives people this this motivation to
take action and not sit on the sidelines it allows your team to squeeze
uh their pipeline to get some extra cash now here's another side benefit
of when you clear the pipeline when you do this it also gets around you
know some of those future people are like i heard a different price etc
well it's like well we already gave you a heads up about it we told you
we're gonna click we're we're adding more more features more benefits
blah blah to the thing we have more successes we're making it easier and
faster for you and so as a result the price is going to reflect that so
get in now right and then you as the business owner get a nice boost of
cash flow before you make the change so that you can weather maybe a dip
in cash flow during the adjustment period which sometimes happens right
it's just natural as part of the business all right so this is how you
raise

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 prices in a tactical format this is how
i have learned to do it has worked very well for me i hope it works well
for you the point of this channel is there's a lot of people who are
broke and i make these videos so that you are not one of them i have
nothing to sell you keep being awesome hit this crowd see the next video
