https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGfzLjPNsBU

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 once you've done that like if your ad
doesn't have that the likelihood that it's going to convert is much
lower period it's just like these are and what's what's interesting is
that you're like that sounds so basic alex i see ads all the time from
gym owners even in our community that don't obey this and then they're
surprised that they're not getting results \[Music\] hey what's going on
everyone happy sunday hope you guys are rocking and rolling on your
sunday morning evening afternoon whatever time zone you are watching or
listening to this in um i recently have been doing a deep dive into
funnel world um and ads for both b2b and bbc i've been kind of like
taking a more frenzy report uh lately and so i wanted to make this
because i recently had a gym owner send me some of their ads um and i
was like oh crap these are definitely not gonna convert and so i wanted
to just give um basic headline stuff that will always just make you more
money

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 and so um the formula that i've used
for all of the fitness ads um that we ran and that i ran at my gym and
that we continue to run is a simple formula has three parts to it all
right the first part is duration all right because virtually every
fitness based uh promotion that you're gonna run is gonna be uh x amount
of weeks x amount of days whatever right so it's like 21 day 42 day 6
week 28 day 30 day one month whatever that is that's the first piece of
your headline okay second piece of the headline and this is what i see
people mess up is the kind of uh the benefit or the result okay so it'd
be like six-week six-pack if it was for guys right 28-day bikini uh
six-week booty 42-day detox uh like i'm trying to think um you can i
mean if you want to even get a little bit more creative with it you
could say like

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 28 day skinny friend right so now
you're like then the copy is going to reel that in and talk about how um
is it wouldn't it be nice to always be the skinny friend right because
now you're talking about status within the context of other people so
you're looking at the prospect within the eyes or from the perspective
of their friend right and so you have duration first okay in the
headline and the second piece of headline is going to be the benefit all
right it could be leaning down slim down thin waist um you know small
dress like that's where like the um a lot of really popular one was uh a
little black dress right because that was the result that was the
benefit right and so like like loosen a belt loop like two notches down
on the belt loop so try and demonstrate what the result is going to be
with the second piece and that's where just being creative as a marketer
comes in all right so duration is simple make sure you have a duration
first because that's where people wanted to see what kind of commitment
or implied when they're going to achieve the result right so it's like
if you have a 28 day drop to belt lo or drop to belt notches

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 like cool i get it dropped two belt
notches in 28 days cool but you're not making a guarantee that's just
the title of the advertisement okay the third piece to this is a power
word all right and so a power word could be challenge it could be
blueprint it could be accelerator it could be intensive it could be um
of course i'll blank while i'm live um but it's words like that that are
like program you know what i mean transformation all of those are going
to be like the the period at the end of the sentence and so when you're
making your ads this is the headline that would go in the banner all
right this is the headline that goes in the banner once you've done that
like if your ad doesn't have that the likelihood that it's going to
convert is much lower period it's just like these are and what's what's
interesting is that you're like that sounds so basic alex i see ads all
the time from gym owners even in our community that don't obey this and
then they're surprised that they're not getting results like i made a
video a couple days ago about like it it's like the news like if you
look at the way the headlines look on the news they're still

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 the same and they all they do is they
just change the characters and your job is the reporters to go and grab
the story and capture it right so um duration 28 day benefit you know
six uh uh duration 28 day benefit uh six pack or uh you know skinny
waist or smaller jean size or whatever right and then blueprint
challenge transformation whatever it is is the third word all right and
so that is how you go one two three and that is your formula for
headlines now once you have that the next piece is gonna be the creative
i'm not going to get into the creative too much because i've made other
videos about that but using the legion scrambler for whatever you want
to put in your video or your image is going to work well right so that's
going to be group workouts a pitch of you explaining what it is going to
be any images of people sweating together in the group together
testimonials work all of that stuff is

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 creative and you can still use the same
headline all right the headline doesn't have to be specific to the
creative so it's like one of the biggest things that i've learned as a
marketer is that you don't need that those two don't actually need to be
connected okay now i'll tell you where it does need to be connected in a
second the next piece that you're going to have to this is when you
actually go to the copy so i'm only specifically talking about facebook
ads if you're marking on like gdn or other things and like those are
banners and you have to have more steps to it but if you're just talking
about facebook then what you're looking at then is the first line of the
copy is going to be calling it who you want and who you don't want right
like residents that are in this area right that's what you're like
there's obviously compliance guidelines of making sure that you can't
say you and you can't say like um you ladies because you can't identify
the prospects cause facebook doesn't like that right and so you're gonna
do your best to describe it without calling out um the person
individually who's reading okay so it's who we're looking for and if not
more importantly who we are not looking for okay that can be the first
two lines and then you have your subhead

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 right which is going to be tied back to
the headline that we said so it's like if if we said the the 28 day
skinny friend you know transformation right or skinny friend accelerator
whatever program doesn't matter right you go there it's like wouldn't it
be nice to be the skinny friend for once we all have those friends right
and that's the lead-in that's the lead into the ad it's like we all have
those friends it seems like they can eat whatever they want and they
never gain weight wouldn't it be nice to know that it's not their
genetics it's actually their habits and those habits are programmable
and teachable right now i'm like oh this is an interesting ad i want to
read more it's like and over the last x years implied authority like
we've done this with over a thousand people in this local area alone and
right now we're opening up our spot in our 28 day blah blah accelerator
and so if you want to be the skinny friend then click over right and say
then call to action and so like this is a formula like like hopefully
just from the way i'm describing this you can understand how this works
so when you're making ads and this is when a lot of people are making
ads is on sundays right when you're making the ads start

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 with the headlines for the actual
banner on the ad itself all right duration benefit slash results power
word then you have your creative that's going to plug in that's really
there just to get attention and make sure that they're like they pause
and stop all right a fun side note is make sure that the color makes
sense colors and fonts matter sometimes even more than the words so if
you're doing a meme banner or a banner on the ad you want to make sure
that you're not doing black and yellow or black and red for women right
women are gonna be like that looks hardcore right same thing you don't
want like stenciled spray lettering which is like kind of like hardcore
gi joe lettering for women right it's not gonna work as well it has a
different feel all right to the same extent if you're new doing a guys
based ad then doing black and green black and blue like sort of male
based colors is going to work fine you sort of make sure that you're
matching those two to the prospect you're trying to attract all right
and the next thing is like i said is the font right some fonts work
either way like permanent marker

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 is a font on google fonts works for
guys or girls right so you can have white and pink in part in in
permanent marker or font or you can have black and yellow or black and
red or blue and black or whatever it is right obviously you can be in
the middle and just do blue and white or blue green or blue and white or
green and white or you know with black stencil whatever all that that
stuff's fine right but make sure that you're matching that and these
like these are definitely like the fundamentals like these are the
basics but if you're not doing these and you'd be surprised how many
people don't do the fundamentals like the advanced people just never
don't do them and that's all it is okay so we're going back to the ad so
we've got our headline it's in the right font that matches the prospect
and it's in the right colors cool we have our creative which we know
converts which is gonna be people working out together food pictures uh
you know images of like sweaty selfies uh eye based images where
someone's staring at the camera selfie pitch videos all of those type of
videos work right for creative then uh you have your

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 who you're calling out to to make sure
that you both attract the right people but ward away the ones you don't
the not the who it's not for is just as if not more powerful than who it
is for all right because it shows that you're selective and you're going
to be more magnetic and repulsive when you make that right like if you
notice recently a lot of the gym launch ads that have come out have been
like no personal trainers like we only want gym owners who have over 25
clients or full time have a side lease and xyz and the reason for that
is because we just did a data analysis on the clients that make the most
money with us and stay the longest and guess what it's gym owners right
and so so we're just making sure that we're 100 clear that that's just
what we work with now you if you want to look at your own clients and
find out which clients are actually worth the most to you and then put
it in your copy ward off the people who aren't good and the people who
do read that are like wow that's really me right then they're going to
be way more likely to click and then the the quality of the click that
you get is going to be much higher all right and the next thing finally
is the

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 subhead is the lead in right and
that's usually going to be tied to the benefit slash result the middle
word of your of your of your headline right and so if you did the 28 day
lose two notches whatever transformation right um and this is where
you'd have a little image of jeans and a belt or something on the banner
right it would make sense and then when you're with the lead in it's
going to tie it back to that because like how is this connected and so
you're going to connect that to like hey have you ever have you ever
have you've noticed recently that you keep going up in notches every six
months or so well the good news is it's not permanent and we know how to
fix it right and then you're like boom then you can go to your normal
copy okay so um if you're making your ads make sure to use those
headlines make sure that the banners are set that way three pieces
duration benefit slash result and then power word make sure that if the
images slash copy are uh attention grabbing usually like the legion
scrambler like just use that um and then when you are doing the copy

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 on the top make sure you're attracting
and repulsing the right people and then do your lead in your sub
headline or what would be your sub headline because you don't want that
actually the actual banner it's too many words but you want that subhead
because if they read that then they're going to want to find out more
they find out more than it's going to tie into what they just read and
it's going to be relevant all right once they click from there to the
page you want it to be congruent all right so if you're having a 28 day
blah blah blah blah and this is where it's like this is where it takes
work this is where like good marketers be mediocre marketers just by not
being lazy and so then they make sure the page matches the offer and the
benefits and the results that we're talking about on the ad because
people clicked it's exactly what they want all right and so that's what
we're doing here so you can have two funnels that are running for the
same campaign just one's for men and ones for women that's a basic split
right if you want to get more granular you can have older women and
younger women i would imagine that you probably talked to a 55 year old
woman differently talk to a 25 year old girl right of course you would
right the

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 messaging changes the way that the
page probably looks different etc and so that's where you become a
better marketer so anyways i hope that just gives you just like a quick
overview in terms of gloss if you're making your ass today because this
sunday which is what a lot of our gym owners do make their ads um follow
those guidelines you'll get more clicks you'll get more leads and if you
found this valuable tag somebody drop a like or comment and if you're
listening on the podcast please leave review alright keep being awesome
lots of love um i'll catch you guys soon you
