https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kICzm5h\_kk8

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 why why and how did gym launch go from
you know 200 000 a month in its first month to 1.5 million within seven
months per month right and then 2.2 million four months after that
literally just straight through yeah so the simple answer is there isn't
one thing right it was a confluence of variables if you look at like uh
warren buffett and charlie munger they call it the lollapalooza effect
but it's basically when you have multiple kind of flywheels or virtuous
cycles that stack on top of each other and then the sum is much greater
than the parts right the first big one is that when we entered the
marketplace uh there weren't as many there weren't as many gym gurus
first off right just right off the bat there weren't as many number two
there weren't nearly as many marketing on facebook like we were the
first one like one among the first ones uh to kind of come in i think
there were two guys i can think of who were marketing before like timing
timing right off the bat there was like the biggest timing was one of
them right the other piece and timing had multiple components one is the
competition right the other piece of it was facebook

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 itself right when we started dude the
average gym that worked with us made 28 000 in the first 30 days that
was the average not the like half of them did more than that right
that's absurd that's absurd right and so as far as their experiences are
concerned they pay a thousand dollars to start they get a 14 day like we
give them we have 14 days free because they'd have to make the money to
make the next next purchase right and then it was a thousand dollars a
week after that for 16 weeks so by the time they made their third
thousand dollar payment they'd already made 28 000 and paid three watch
in an ad spend they'd only spend a thousand bucks so we had created a
money printing machine and so yes uh we had referrals out the ass like
absolutely like our dad our top our top gym referred us 52 clients our
second highest gym referred us 32 clients

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 and those are coaching clients who all
had 30k ltv so like i had two guys who sent me like two and a half
million bucks like two and we had like a hundred different gyms who
referred us business right wow so like that was obviously a big piece of
it um i'd say those are probably the biggest ones you
