https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwskrByMIqo

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 he uh went over whatever over 20 or
something and then something switched and he went five for nine right
overnight zero for 25 to five for nine right and this is the one thing
that switched and this is how i want to share it with you \[Music\] good
morning everyone it is 4 30 a.m rocking in from uh downtown austin or
not downtown austin suburbia austin um but i am knee-deep in creating
our new phone sales training um super robust to end and training for our
glx files um and jim lords and so i'm i'm very very excited about how
it's coming out it's one of some of our best stuff um but while i was
going through it there was this one kind of way i phrased something that
i really liked and i wanted to share it with you which is uh uh one of
our one of our uh gyms uh had been really struggling with sales

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 and uh he gets on the daily call every
day which is why we encourage people to do it um where i just coach all
of our gyms one-on-one and um he heard something which was to the to the
extent of remember why you're doing this right remember why you're
caring about the customer now here's where this gets really cool he uh
went over whatever over 20 or something and then something switched and
he went five for nine right overnight zero for 25 to five for nine right
and this is the one thing that switched and this is how i want to share
it with you he essentially the person who wins so every every sale is
the same right and a sale is always made either they sell you or you
sell them but who is the person who makes the sale the person who makes
the sale is the person who cares the most about the buyer think about
that for a second and so that's the phrasing that i'm using in the
training is the person who cares the most about the buyers interests

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 is the one who will win the sale all
right like this was super profound for me and so when you're approaching
the sale you have to come at it from the perspective of i care more
about this person than this person cares about themself and this is what
that gym owner was able to flip in his mind was he remembered why he was
he said because i give him the term commission breath right people can
smell whether you're in it for their for your agenda or their agenda
right and so if you want to win the sale you have to come at it from the
perspective that i care more about your best interest than you do right
you're gonna throw these things in my way but i care about you enough to
get us through them so we can get to the promised land which is you
getting help which is why you're here right and you have to expect that
you're going like the sale is not going to go the way that you imagine
in your head because people bring all this emotional baggage to the sale
and it's a problem that's covered in shame and guilt which which is a
great uh a great way of

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 saying uh it's not easy to get people
to to trust you to build rapport so they can actually be real with you
the moment you're able to get someone to be real with you in the sale
you've already won the sale right because at the end of the sale if for
some reason they actually can't afford it which is a very very very very
very very very small percentage of people then you're on the same side
of the table with them and it's like cool then let's actually figure
this out together but you're coming from it from a perspective that they
trust that you are acting in their best interest right and so that's
ultimately the sale that's that's being made is that the person needs to
trust that you care more about their agenda than they do think about it
that's the sale that's being made if they believe that you care more
about them genuinely than they care about themselves or have
demonstrated care about themselves then you will win and so that's why i
see some of our gyms who honestly

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 aren't the most skilled sales people
but they kill it and i cause i know these guys because there's some guys
who are just very process oriented they follow the script and they crush
it right and that's great and i know why those people are successful
because they were successful at everything but there's some people who
are quote personality driven sales people and these are like the really
genuinely kind-hearted caring people that you can immediately tell from
their vibe that they really love fitness and really love helping people
get in shape and lose weight and take control of their lives those
people get away with so much lack of skill in the sale but are able to
close because the people believe that they really are acting in their
own best interest right which is why having conviction in your product
is so important and so if you can simply have that one reframe before
you go into the sale which is i'm going to approach this from the
perspective that this person needs my help but like actually though like
actually getting them to like you

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 actually believing that they need your
help and that you have to have their true best interest at heart more
than they do which is why if you do genuinely have that belief you're
going to force them to confront the limiting beliefs that they had right
and you'd be like listen like let me be real with you here like do you
think that the reason that you haven't been successful is because like
you've you've kind of just like fallen off the bandwagon like you've
you've been putting the food in your mouth right so that's whose
responsibility is that is that is that your busy schedules is that your
husband who's whose responsibility is that right they're like well i
guess it is mine you're like right and i'm not saying this to be mean to
you i'm saying this because i want to help but this time is going to be
different right and so that way you can break these beliefs
systematically throughout so you can actually help this person all right
because sales is just coaching right with an outcome that's defined over
a period of time and so i guess the biggest point that i want to make
here is that if you can just think

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 about it from that perspective this guy
had the same script from his first you know 25 reps to the the last five
of nine that he hit right and mind you he made this realization at rep
25 which for some reason is a magical number all right but at rep 25 he
realized that he just was trying to sell on his agenda and not on the
agenda of the other persons and there's sometimes it's it's uh i mean
one of the things that i was just talking to our sales team about is
advanced salesmen are advanced because they never don't do the basics
right people are defined as advanced because of their outcomes not
because of their tactics all right advanced lifters aren't doing
different tactics than novice lifters they just lift more weight and the
reason they do it is they've just done it consistently longer right or
they're more consistent in general they never don't do the basics they
always sleep they always do the recovery mechanism they always eat the
macros that they're supposed to hit right it's the same thing with
business and sales like the best sales people are consistent because
they never don't do the basics the tactics don't change it's

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 just your execution of them all right
and so when i look at professional development so this is a big zoom out
but i think it's important when i when i talk to higher level you know
entrepreneurs who are at like 10 million 20 million et cetera and
they're like what do i need to do to you know to get to the next next
thing is i see three major breaking points in professional development
as an entrepreneur the first is skills right people enter the
marketplace of entrepreneurship with no skills they have nothing to
offer of value and so they have to go acquire skills and there's far
more skills that you need to acquire than you think right you're like i
need to be able to get customers but be able to get customers is a lot
of skills put together right you have to know how to write copy you
don't have to know how to create creative you have to know how to build
landing pages you don't have to have to have to be able to buy and place
traffic uh you don't have to know how to nurture leads to get them to
show up to both schedule and shop to a sales event you have to know what
type of sales event you want to have is it going to be a presentation is
it going to be a sales call is it going to be an in-person appointment
is it going to be

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 a two-step sale like you have to know
what the conversion mech is it going to be a sales page right you have
to know what the conversion mechanism is going to be right and then from
there you have to know the actual script and closing mechanisms it's not
just the words it's how to say the words what the tonality is how you
ask the questions how you confront obstacles how you overcome them how
to process payments how like that like this you know i mean like the the
number of skills stacks in order to make it but its skills is the first
block right the second block is the character traits to execute the
skills right as soon as you have your first your first box of tools what
separates the people who are really successful from the ones who are
just moderately successful is that they have the patience the endurance
the discipline right to execute their skills within a defined way and
that is how they're able to consistently grow because they're
consistently executing and so it goes from needing to acquire skills in
the beginning to needing to acquire character traits which is why i love
the

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 game of entrepreneurship is that the
way that you win consistently evolves right it's literally not just more
it's different at every level right and then that's kind of level two is
that you have to develop the character traits to be able to execute the
skills and then the third is your beliefs right your beliefs about the
world your beliefs about the market your belief about what's possible
your tolerance of what is acceptable in your organization from an act a
standpoint of speed a standpoint of excellence and those beliefs are top
down those are from you right and so as you move move through i think
it's cyclical right i think it's every level encompasses all three of
those things and you kind of have to spin your way through the three of
those things over and over again and the reason it gets difficult is
that you still have to maintain the skills the beliefs the character
traits of the base below before you can get to the next level where you
have new beliefs new skills new character traits that need to be
developed and that's why i think most people love

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 entrepreneurship or at least hopefully
you like entrepreneurship if you're in it um is that it constantly
forces you to grow and growth is painful right and so it's this weird
masochistic desire to continue to improve and yet suffer the entire way
but love the process while you're suffering so it's this kind of meta
thing but anyways i won't get too deep into that big point here is that
if you're trying to close and you're trying to get your sales team to
close the person who cares the most about the buyer will win if the
buyer cares more about their outcome than you do then they will win if
you care more about their outcome genuinely than they do they will feel
that a and b when you confront their beliefs they'll see it from a place
of genuine care and they will be real with you and then when you get to
the close they're not going to bring their baggage because you
confronted the baggage because you did it from a place of care and then
they will trust you in the clothes to take them where they need to go
all right so that's the big point that was the big uh that was one of
the things that i'm going to be i'm putting it to our sales trading
right now um hope you enjoyed

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 this if you did drop a like or a
comment if you didn't still drop a like or a comment all right anyways
uh have an amazing thursday i'll catch you guys soon \[Music\] you
