https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BZ7-PZR8jE

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone i've got a
special uh presentation for you today this is gonna be a little bit more
advanced stuff um and it's because i'm partially making this for my team
uh on the marketing side so one of the things that i have found has been
a consistent source of new marketing for us is understanding data and so
i think some people are much better at telling stores than i am but i'm
pretty decent at slicing data and so um the nice thing is that there's
always new inferences that you can derive from data that you can make
the same thing mean different things and so for example i'll give you
some statistics that we have um that we've based entire campaigns around
so uh one campaign that was our most successful campaign that we've ever
run was a one year later campaign and so what that was was we took all
of our clients that have been with us for over a year and measured all
of their stats and measured their status from before they were with us
until now a year later and showed the difference right and the the
differences were crazy you know 250 000 500 000 or a million dollars
here extra like there's just massive differences and so from that from
that one you know measuring example there's so many different sub

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 divisions of data that you can use
right you can just say hey when your later average client is up this
right that would be one way to do the data another way to do that would
be like one year later our top twenty percent of clients have added over
four hundred thousand dollars a year uh to their yearly revenue another
one would be uh the bottom you know eighty percent or at this right um
and so there's there's all these are like one in here's another way of
doing it one in five gyms uh who's been with us over a year is at is
over z right and so there's different variables that you can play with
right one is the percentage of people right the next is the goal and
then the next is the duration piece so you have these kind of three
wheels that you can spin together uh to make really interesting
statistics and you can and you can you can base so many campaigns around
it like another campaign that we have that's launching soon is um we
just we just measured one in 5.5 gyms is over a million dollar a year
run rate for us right and so all these you know so for me it's easy
because like you

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 know other people are like seven figure
j and blah blah blah and so for me i'm like well they're talking about
it we're doing it right and so i can always position myself because most
people don't even capture their own data anyway so they don't even know
and it's usually because it's not good right they already know they
don't have any million dollar gym so they don't need to go measure that
right we do know it's a one in 5.5 that's 18 now if you're thinking
about from marketing perspective would you think 18 percent of gyms that
we work with are seven figure gems maybe i don't think that sounds as
compelling as one in 5.5 like really one in five like that's not that
bad right and the thing is is you can also invert that and say all right
but 4.5 out of 5.5 gyms hit this right so it's like i can play on the on
the on the the desire that people have to win the lottery survivorship
bias like that people think they're going to be the one right but i can
also play on the inverse which is something that i like doing a lot
which is i love playing on averages i love playing on medians um with
data because it's like hey this is just what the normal person does
right like and here's what's cool you can always say after you say an
average that also means half of people are above this we're like wow
well i consider myself

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 above average so i'm going to be above
that because everyone thinks they're above average right and so when
you're clumping data together you can use those three wheels right wheel
one is over what duration wheel two is what is the um what is the
outcome um and then i literally can't even remember what the oh and then
the percentage of clients that achieve that right so it's percentage of
clients the outcome and then the time duration and so you have these
wheels that you can mix and match and even when you say percentage of
clients you can say percentage of clients you can say the top percentage
the bottom percentage the median the average right um and you can also
say one in right so there's different different ways you can also say
the fractional version like one-fifth of right so all of these are
that's just like that was just on the one wheel of um what percentage of
clients right what percentage one-fifth one in however many the
fractional amount the top percent is the bottom percentage so you can
invert either one of those so one in five or four out of five right that
would be the inversion the same stat and so when i'm using all of that
like this is what i'm running through and

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 this is what i've had a really hard
time teaching my team which is why i'm making this right now um is that
like this is what i'm running through what i'm thinking when i'm looking
at like the the data they get back from customer support or excuse me
customer success is like this they're like here's here's all the gyms
that we have i'm like okay how can we say this differently how can we
say this in a compelling way and make it a hook for our marketing right
um and so that was that was all the examples i had for uh percentage of
clients right now if we're talking uh time duration right so with time
duration i'm like i'm gonna be thinking uh super long long long time
away and here's what's cool about when you use long longer durations
away if someone's been with you for a year the likelihood that they've
succeeded is very high especially in education-based business so i i
love pulling out the one year or two year later pieces because one it
shows that people stay with me for a long time which means that i
continually provide value right so that's social proof of continued
value creation which i like a lot so boom when you have the long term
duration it's great that's an advantage especially if you're an older
player in the space having those one year two year later testimonials is
something that no one

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 else can show that you can show to also
demonstrate your long-standingness in the space right but on top of that
somebody's been with you for that long is going to usually have a very
good outcome and so if i just say hey the people who've been with me for
over a year average this that it's like wow that's crazy right and so
the data will will give a very positive impression of what you're
marketing right flip side um is that you can cut it at different
different times right you can look at first week you can look at first
30 days you can look at first two months right and so the thing is is if
you have this data on a regular basis uh you can you can time stamp this
stuff and really you can slice it and find that the slice that you're
like oh this is really good like for us like our average gym in the
first uh i think this first 15 days not 15 days excuse me first two
weeks just fifteen thousand five hundred all right uh an additional
round that's the average which means half people get better than that
right crazy and so um and i i give you the other stat earlier one in 5.5
gyms is a million dollar gym right and so i'm i can play with these

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 you know with these numbers because i
could have said 18 or i could have said with the percent of the the 15
500 i could say that's a what's the outcome right the outcome wheel
could be what's the increase right if it was the increase it might be
like the average person you know doubles what they do in revenue in the
first 14 days that's a different way of saying it right um i don't know
what i don't know what the actual number is because i don't have that
one offhand but like that would be something that i'd be that's
something i'd ask my team i'd be like hey figure out what the fraction
is here is it a doubling is it a 1.5 x is it a 30 increase well 30
increase doesn't sound as good as 15 500 right so i'm going to say that
one instead and so when we're talking about increases there's four ways
you can show it one is a a percent increase which is this went up by x
percent right the next is an absolute increase which is additional 15
500 right um the next would be uh the actual total number made which
would be their revenue plus the increase boom right

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 which would be different but similar
right uh so you've got the the just the increase you've got the total
amount made you've got the percentage increase you've got a relative
increase which is one that i like which is what is 15 500 buy you right
so 15 hundred might be like um i would have to look up industry averages
but i'd say the you know maybe industry average for uh a micro gym rent
might be let's say two thousand dollars a month so i'd say in the first
30 days the average gym in our program pays off three quarters or nine
months of rent wow that sounds kind of interesting right like that's
that's compelling that's unique right so hopefully you're following
along with me you're like the three big wheels right wheel number one
you've got is what's the outcome well wheel number two is the time
duration and wheel number three is what percentage of clients you know
achieve this outcome and so when you're playing with these three wheels
and you're slicing the data all of these wheels have variables which is
why you can slice data in so many different directions but for me this
is usually what i will search for

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 like this is what i will hunt for i
will look for the piece of data that tells the story that that that the
copy can't tell or it can reinforce the story that the copy tells and
makes it far more compelling right now mind you you have to be
absolutely compliant when you use numbers right which is one of the
things i also like doing it because we track our stuff and most of our
you know most people in our space don't because they're you know still
figuring out how to you know market and figure out their business but
the thing is most people don't track this stuff and so i have a huge
advantage because i've been tracking this stuff for years right and on
top of that we have we have pretty decent um metrics around this stuff
especially around client success and so with that i can hunt and say
okay let's look at uh new clients you know first first eight weeks right
what's how much what's the increase in revenue okay and the thing is is
everything i just talked about was one stat right i just talked about
revenue i could use the same three wheels with time uh the customer
outcome and then what percentage of them achieved it

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 i could use those same three wheels
with any of the stats i could use it with profit i could use it with
revenue i could use it with churn i could use it with um i could even
use it with growth percentage right i could use it with like there's
there's so many different ways i can i can use those three wheels in my
marketing but usually this will be the central core concept that i will
make an entire campaign around right because at the end of the day
there's only so many ways for me to say we make gyms more money right
like i mean and the thing is at the end of the day everyone promises
that so the question is how can i make um a different more unique
promise and how can i make it more compelling and believable that they
will achieve it right and so that's kind of why i use data as most of
the times the central selling point that i have for any program that i
sell now the good thing is is that and i've always done it that way
because i'm usually when we're convicted because it's it's easy to have
conviction in stats because those are what they are so i can have
absolute conviction that this is what it is so take it or leave it these
are the

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 stats right like you can choose you
know if i said my you know my weight loss program has an 87 success rate
uh people hitting you know over 15 pounds then then like me even like
how about this i'll say it even differently let's say let's say i had a
let's say my success rate of people hitting over i have a i have a 70
success rate of people hitting over 12 pounds lost in the first six
weeks with me right there's two variables that i'm playing actually
three again which is what percentage of customers achieve x result right
and i can change x result because i said what percentage customers
achieve over over 30 pounds lost it'd be much smaller it'd only be like
10 right and sometimes it's worth saying the top 10 of our clients hit x
i think it works better with business stuff but like in a weight loss
scenario that would be that would be an example it's like i have this
percentage of customers to achieve this percent and i can move these
right until i find a sweet spot where i look in the data and i'm like
huh 70 of our clients hit over 16 pounds lost that's pretty good right

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 in this period of time and so now i
can start marketing that because i have the data to support it and
substantiate it right and so when i'm thinking about new hooks right
here's a different one that i ran that crushed it for us which is i told
you earlier about the 5.5 gyms one of 5.5 gyms is a million dollar gym
here's another way you can do it with the time i didn't even get into
the time duration one yet is that i can say one in uh every excuse me
every x days x minutes x hours x weeks x months we achieve a y right and
so i found out because i looked at our stats and i think the the last
year we had done gosh i don't know it was like i honestly can't remember
the number but i do remember the outcome it was um i think we created
like 50 something uh seven-figure gyms in 2019 or 2020 something like
that anyways point is is we created that many and i was like well
there's 52 weeks in a year that means that one in every 7.7 days we
create another seven-figure gym

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 so that means every basically every
week we're cranking out another seven-figure gym so it takes the idea of
like this is how many of these outcomes we've had right so again in that
weight loss example i could say how many people have we had lose you
know 20 pounds right over you know over the last year and they might say
you know we've had we've had we've had 200 people hit that i'd be like
cool so we can say every two days another person crosses 20 pounds lost
at my facility wow isn't that a different way of saying x percent of
people hit this goal in experience right so there's there's these
different ways of slicing it um and so i would implore you and this is
also for my team that when we're when we're looking at what our main
hook our main messaging that we're gonna wrap the whole campaign around
um is let's look at the data right and let's think about the three
wheels what's the outcome uh what percentage people hit it over what
time duration and then play with all of them right with the time
duration it's one in every how many days every how many minutes how many
whatever is it is it over one year is it in the first 30 days in the

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 first six weeks you know whatever like
is that that's the time duration the customer i already said all the
million ways of slicing the the outcome um and the percentage right and
so hopefully that makes sense for you hope you found that valuable um
they'll probably give you unlimited ways of slicing your own data but
i'm telling you it's one of the most compelling things in the world
because it's just true so i'll leave you with that keep being awesome
that was a huge marketing hack that has made me a tremendous amount of
money so use it and uh be fruitful bye
