https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNiMm4eVq4M

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 if i want to make a million if i want
to make a million pounds next year in 2021 obviously against the market
circumstances like what should i be thinking about okay here's how you
do it everyone ready so you have to think about units versus ltv so when
i talk about growth consulting cash flow consulting i've made you know a
handful of videos about it when people pay me 50 grand for six hours i
literally break it down to these two core pieces which is how much is a
client worth how many do i need to sell right and if you want to do a
million gross versus a million net so we just need to be specific here
if you're just looking for a million gross then you have your ltv at 10k
you need to solve 100 clients right which means you need to sell two
clients a week 52 right times two give yourself a little bit of buffer
right so and then i just reverse engineer from there so if it's two
clients a week and i know that i close one out of five sales calls then
it means i need 10 sales calls a week that show and if i know that let's
say your average show rate is 75 then i'm just going to say 15 so it's
at 66 to give myself again at each level i give myself a tiny

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 buffer so that it makes it realistic
that i'm going to achieve it so now i need 15 calls a week in order for
me to make get 15 calls a week what's my average you know cost per call
yours is like five dollars uh but for everyone else you know it's it's a
couple hundred dollars but let's say yours is 50 i would say okay i'm
going to safely budget 75 right uh and it's 15 calls so that's 22.50 per
week in ad spend that i need to spend uh which means that i'm spending
you know uh divided by whatever seven is 300 bucks a day right and so
for me to get to and how many ads do i need to make to spend a day
profitably probably need to make 10 good ads per month and so that means
i would block one big calendar day per month to make all the ads and the
copy and all that stuff i block out two to four hours a week to review
them you know update the copy change you know change creative etc and
then three hundred dollars a day yields me my 15 calls 15 calls gives me

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 10 shows 10 shows gives me two sales
and then because of the back end system that i built i know that my ltv
is 10 grand and that's the game you
