https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lxp-e5NionA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to talk about
how to scale your company by scaling through hiring all right so if you
guys don't know how to do these two things that i'm going to be walking
through uh i will show you how to scale in the realest way all right
like this is from the trenches so if you guys don't know who i am my
name is alex rozio at acquisition.com we do about 85 million a year in
revenue and i have nothing to sell you all right so uh first time i
heard this term uh was from a guy named alex tarfin and this is uh his
in his external framework and i want to show you my internal framework
for scaling the company on the inside all right and so um he talks about
how there's there's five he calls them core functions of the business
right so you've got lead generation you've got lead nurture which is
working the leads to get them to to show you've got sales you've got
fulfillment and then you've got retention and ascension right so
retention getting people to buy more times essentially getting to buy
more expensive stuff right so he calls these the five core functions
right of any business etc i remember looking at this and being like oh
this is so cool and these are the things that uh you should

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 really never outsource in your business
it's my opinion right you should know how to generate leads you should
know how to work the leads you know how to sell you should not have
fulfill and you just know how to uh retain and ascend your customers
right if you don't know how to do these things and you haven't divided
up your uh the activities of the business into this thing it's a very
useful framework that you can use for yourself all right and think about
this as a pipeline right that's everything here is done in sequence but
here's the cool thing there is a parallel internal five core functions
of a business that you can use and that you should use and when i
realized this this is what allowed us to scale our business because we
actually were able to use the same methodology the same thinking process
of how we scaled our acquisition of getting more customers and
continuing to grow that side to how we scale our employees and how we
get them alright so follow along so what normally externally we're doing
is lead generation here we're doing is application generation so this is
how we're getting and the ads that we're running where we're running

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 them and just like you can run an ad to
get a prospect you can run an ad to get an employee just like you can do
cold outbound to get a client you can use cold outbound to recruit from
other companies you can use code outbound to attract talent all right so
the same six ways of getting customers also works when you're actually
getting employees all right so think about this hopefully this is a good
mindset shift for you so there's six ways of getting customers i'll see
them real quick you can do paid ads you can do earned media so if you
have a following of any kind you can have your own media so people you
already have access to on your lists your your crm your cell phone the
people who follow you uh that that have given you access to them right
that you can directly message them without asking their permission the
fourth is through manual outbound the fifth is through affiliates and
the sixth is through word of mouth right there's the six ways you get
customers right that is all of these things are traffic for how you
generate leads but you can also use those same six for how you generate
applications pretty cool right because right now all of us are one
amazing hire away from all the

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 growth you could ever want and i
promise you that i've lived this firsthand is that a lot of times you
don't need a what you need a who right you're trying to find and figure
out the skill when someone already has that skill and the experience and
has already run an olympic gold multiple times you just say hey can you
just run it over here rather than trying to figure it all out on your
own it's much faster and simpler all right so just like you have lead
generation you have application generation what goes next application
nurture all right so there's some really interesting stats along this
but 10 out of 10 employees high quality prospects will find a job within
eight days so if it takes you six days to even make your first contact
with the the leads that you're getting from applications which honestly
happens so common people work the crap out of their leads but don't
completely ignore the applications that are coming in for new employees
right you should have just as structured of a process of how you're
nurturing those applications so that they have a high likelihood of
scheduling and showing up for wait for it instead of sales are you still
selling hell yeah you're still selling but we just call it interviewing

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 right and so we're selling them on why
they should work for us right rather than someone else and right now
more than ever before is a huge war for talent all right all the
companies that i know of and all the guys who have bigger companies
right now are all talking about it is that the the the drive to acquire
talent is higher now than it ever has been it's because of the shift to
remote so now everyone is competing against netflix apple google like
all these huge companies are now fishing in all of our ponds because
they're employing remotely right and so what used to be an advantage if
you you know worked from home or you had an internet business is no is
now just table stakes work from home flexible hours etc is now table
stakes right and so now we have to get more aggressive and more
deliberate in how we recruit and hire and that's the only way that you
scale your company it's the only way once you increase this side you
have to increase this side because you have to accommodate the demand
that you're meeting i said there's five core functions these are the
external ones these are the internal now who can guess

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 what number four is right you have
fulfillment for your customers but now you have training for your
employees you take the person who now says yes and you make sure that
they now go through the process which as a customer would be fulfilling
before an employee is fulfilling on the job you just sold them on right
and so you're actually giving them the skills and how you function and
how you do things within your company what are the communication
cadences who are they going to report to what is the job description
where the kpis are going to be measured on you know what their
compensation structure is how they can get raises all that kind of stuff
and so that's the fourth thing that has to be defined within your
internal pipeline that are that are core functions of the business now
number five who can guess what this is normally you have retention and
ascension sorry my camera's just being wacky as hell i try to keep it
try to keep it fun for you guys mix it up try and uh go in and out of
focus number five is how are you going to retain and ascend your talent
how are you going to retain them so how you're going to continue to

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 motivate them so that they want to
continue to perform that's the retention aspect and then how do we
select the star players and ascend them to higher levels and put them on
a fast track so that they can move up within the company and get more
responsibility and make more impact to the bottom line in the business
how can you identify the leaders early on and then put them on a track
that allows them to grow which is one of the biggest things that if you
see the biggest companies in the world it's because they have such
amazing talent acquisition systems and retention and ascension systems
for identifying talent and allowing them to move up all right the reason
the biggest companies in the world are the biggest companies the world
is because they employ the smartest people i mean think about this if
you find out that somebody worked at facebook or they worked at google
at in any kind of relatively high up capacity you're going to probably
assume that that person's very smart right so think about that kind of
brand for your own business how can i make it so that my business
becomes a a star or a stamp of approval on someone's revenue someone's
resume how can i make it so that my business is like harvard man and

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 i can tell you there's definitely
aspects of our business if someone like the amount of people who try and
recruit my sales team is ridiculous right but we pay really well so it's
hard and they also really like it here because we're you know
established business and they have a clear career path they can make
lots of money but the thing is is that if you can create this thing
where people aspire to be associated with your brand and your company
then they will retain you will be able to track better people they will
want to work for you because they'll know that your your training your
fulfillment right that you have is so good that it's worth even taking a
pay cut to acquire the skills through the business that you have because
you're so good at teaching it right these skills that make them more
valuable and so i wanted to give you this as two parallel frameworks
that you can use within your business one is the external framework of
lead generation lead nurture sales fulfillment retention and ascension
of how you bring people in to your business and then there's a parallel
or a mirror internal core functions of how you get generate you generate
applications you uh nurture those applications so that

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 they schedule and they show up for
interviews you sell them during the interview so you should have a
process a script just like you have a sales script you have a sales
script internally how you can indoctrinate people once they come in to
believe what you believe share the values that you have and then
hopefully just like in a normal sale disqualify people that aren't going
to be a good fit and then once they are in fulfill on the promises that
you made to them increase the value of that person show them how they
can fit and provide value to the company and then finally how do we what
are the kpis that we use to manage these people what are they driving
towards what are they going to get compensated and then how do we ascend
them what are the titles that they that they get and what are the
increases in pay that are clear based on milestones when they know they
will qualify for that next raise or for that next increase in job so
they can see a clear path of when they're going to work and continue to
work for your company because if they have no way they can't see a
future for when they're going to work for you they're ticking time bomb
for when they're going to leave you for someone else all right and so
talent is the way that you scale the business and if you don't have a
reliable way and you don't know the metrics of your talent

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 acquisition system well then is it any
wonder why you don't have the talent that you want so i'll leave you
with that in terms of how to scale the business like i said mosey nation
there's lots of people who are broke i don't want you to be one of them
that's why i make these videos keep being awesome i'll see you guys in
the next bit bye
