https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ7xeVCYC5M

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i \[ \_\_ \] guarantee you that you
will be making more than people who have four-year degrees you'll
probably start making money by the end of the first year i was at
brooke's house and she had seven 20 to 23 year olds at her house no cat
one morning one of the guys was up early and he was like hey right now
i've got a thousand extra dollars like where do you think i should
invest it you know i've got my 401k and i've got you know whatever stuff
and it was cute it was so interesting to me because like he was looking
for an investment vehicle that was going to yield him a return i want to
be very clear about this if you invest in the s p 500 you know real
estate things like that and you start really early and you do it for a
long period of time you absolutely will make money it is a very safe way
to live life but the moment you start investing in kind of the asset
side of stuff which is like the s p stocks in general and you're not day
trading or doing that stuff because that's that's stupid the moment you
do that is actually the moment in my belief that you're actually ceasing
to want to make more income hear me out if you're 18 years old and you
graduate high school tomorrow you are

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 now eligible on the marketplace because
you have no skills besides your high school diploma you did no job \[
\_\_ \] off the whole time don't watch youtube to learn stuff which is
not you but just imagine in two days you could go and become certified
as a phlebotomist and go from making 750 or whatever the minimum wage is
to what phlebotomists make at 25 an hour you would triple your earning
capacity after two days and spending 500 if you can triple your income
for the rest of your life the 500 certification in two days do you think
it's worth the investment probably and so the problem is that people
think about the biggest investment as the stuff that they take their
money and they put it into and i'm gonna be over i'm gonna be trite
right now your ability to earn money to provide value to the marketplace
and solve problems for other people is how you will be able to make
money there's the value of the problem that you solve and what you
charge for it the bigger that number is the more you can charge that gap
between their old problem and the solution that value is the percentage
that you can take and put in

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 your pocket as something that you have
now created in this and it could be a service it could be products it
could be whatever your earning capacity is going to be the thing that
generates you wealth do you want to be smart with your money and save it
absolutely because that gives you way more that you can play with but
when you're 20 even when you're 30 and in my belief whatever age you are
i believe that you should take all of the excess money live as cheap as
you can take a hundred percent of that excess money and invest it in
education that increases your earning capacity because what happens is
when you take that money like that phlebotomy course right you take
twenty five dollars an hour time two thousand hours a year you're not a
fifty thousand all year income cool if i can live on 20 because i'm 20
years old and i can live with buddies and we can eat ramen soup and
whatever and i got 30 left over after taxes 25 whatever 25 grand can buy
you a lot of education i would rather you or i would rather me or
somebody who's 20 or somebody who's 30 take 2 000 a month because that's
what 25 grand is and invest it in courses coaching mentorships workshops
and seminars every month i'm putting that 2k now you could

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 put 2k into one opportunities you're
like dude i think real estate's cool cool we're not doing real estate as
my passive income we're doing real estate is i'm gonna get into the real
estate game and i'm gonna make it my active income and by the way
everybody who builds their wealth and real estate are actively spending
their time in real estate don't believe what they're saying they're like
dude i did this deal and i made x amount of money it's like what was the
process of finding deals how many deals did you look at how many
conversations did you have how many buildings did you walk how many
different general contractors did you oh wait there is and there's other
stuff that has to happen right back to the point let's say that you take
that 2 000 a month and you do that for four years and i'm not saying do
the four-year degree i think that is play if you want to i don't
necessarily agree with it anymore in the marketplace that currently
exists four years later i \[ \_\_ \] guarantee you that you will be
making more than people who have four-year degrees you'll probably start
making money by the end of the first year the amount of like copywriting
courses in books and programs mentorships and even one-on-one coaching
like i think one-on-one coaching is a phenomenal way to learn a new
skill if you're like hey i need to know how to buy media i need to know
how to run an ad go pay someone who runs ads or teaches people how to
run ads when you

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 make that payment you're seeing it as
one class in your entrepreneurial degree rather than this one twelve
thousand dollar investment has to make me rich if you can make that
shift it's like this is my course like when you get your degree in
college you're not like oh i'm going to take one class in spanish
graduate and get whatever job i want no one thinks that way but for some
reason to think about that when it comes to entrepreneurial stuff you're
not paying someone to think that they're going to be your savior they're
not going to save you from your life do everything for you no one person
is going to teach you everything i'll do my best on this channel teach
the stuff i know but you have something to learn from everyone you know
like that wasn't the value that i thought i was like you can still learn
from that you want to go to the person who's providing the most value
for free it's the easiest way for you to decrease your risk of purchase
if you follow someone's instagram you follow youtube you see the stuff
they put out you're like dude this is really good like this is a lot of
new information that i didn't know and it's like very tactical and i
understand like hey you already know that you like the person b you
already know that you're getting value from the person from the content
they have and so the likelihood that the thing that they have that's
paid is

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 gonna be worse than that is low you
know hopefully follow lots of people in a particular space see the one
that you jive with the most you like their teaching style you don't need
to follow this stuff for forever to like belabor the decision give
yourself seven days because you know what's really even cooler than
buying one person's buy em all and then you'll know what everyone knows
and then guess what happens you become just as good or better now you're
making eighty thousand dollars a year well now we've got four thousand
dollars a month that we can spend on coaching and mentorships and
learnings and courses and whatnot i was saying to myself like i'm gonna
be the number one student here i'll just do whatever they say i'll see
what happens and i'll do whatever they say i'll see what happens you
wanna replicate before you iterate before you say i'm gonna put my alex
sauce on before you do that just make sure that you can duplicate what
they're doing because then you earn the right to make the iterations
even if it's not perfectly your style copy it first before you make the
iterations if you see it as a bridge that has many bricks on it you have
to lay all the bricks and here's the bad part let's say you've got 30
bricks on this bridge to make your first dollar the first dollar has to
walk across the bridge when you're 28 bricks in you might not have made
the first dollar yet but you're 90 of the

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 way there and the speed with which
people are able to traverse or cross that bridge is how well they
identify which brick is missing and where they put their attention
that's where a lot of people get disheartened is that they will start
building new bridges and get two three bricks and then they'll start
building a new bridge two three bricks and they have lots of half built
bridges and they never make it all the way across let's say you're a
videographer or you like video stuff skills stack exponentially you got
a video skill now you got an editing skill now you understand social
media messaging copywriting and branding ooh management and operations
and leadership see how that person starts to expand you can imagine how
their pay is going to dramatically increase because now you're a cmo
broadening your horizon and going deep in these other silos then all of
a sudden you're an entrepreneur one is you have to make that decision
that you're not going to spend all your money on stupid stuff the second
is that you are going to spend your money not on the s p but on the s
and me what is that you're going to spend it on you because that thing
is going to compound a hell of a lot faster than 10 a year you can
double triple 10x your earning

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 capacity the people who are the richest
people in the world they make a thousand times more jeff bezos made 40
million dollars an hour last year it's a lot
