https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gza5RtQCVsA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 so in the real world of sales
understanding how to down sell like a champ is one of the reasons that
you'll be able to massively increase your pro your close rate what's
going on everyone welcome back uh quick uh little tactical training for
you today as well um how to close everyone down selling like a prop so
one of the big beliefs that i like to set in our community is that
everyone buys something what i mean by that is that everyone has some
money right no matter what and everyone has this problem and we should
find a way to help everyone to a certain degree right and obviously you
want to try and sell your primary program because that's going to be
your objective that's because you think it's the thing that's going to
help them the most et cetera but there come times where people can't
afford it for whatever reason right this is reality all right anyone
tells you otherwise whatever so in the real world of sales understanding
how to down sell like a champ is one of the reasons that you'll be able
to massively increase your pro

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 your close rate now doing it properly
is one of the key is one of the key points here all right so when you do
it poorly it sounds like begging and it sounds like you totally lose
your frame uh in the sale and now you sound desperate and aggressive and
clingy and you sound like you've got i love this term commission breath
and and basically just ruins the sale and then they don't even if they
could afford it they don't want to buy from me because of what you're
doing right it sounds unethical etc like wait you just said it was this
price you're just going to keep lowering it and so the key to doing this
is having a key set of cards that you have in your back pocket that you
can choose to play as you go down right so it's kind of like a step down
all right and the way that you do this is through exchange all right so
one of the other powerful influences in human psychology and jet in
general is is reciprocity all right we have a very hard time uh if
someone gives you something not giving something back the beautiful
thing is is that after you exchange something the person who sets the
terms always has

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 the power in the agreement so for
example um if someone asks me to do something which is essentially what
they're doing when they say no they can't afford that they're asking you
to do something for them right can you do it for less that's that's the
implication right they can't do it for that what else can you do and so
uh there's a study that like showed this and i mean there's hundreds of
studies that show this but where they took people in colleges and they
let them uh cut in line and the thing is is that doing a small favor
people don't have a good idea of what of what it get like equality in an
exchange and so if you do a small favor for someone and after you do the
small favor then make a big ask it's still very hard for people to say
no all right and so that's the things that people don't have with
reciprocity uh an idea of fairness of exchange there all right like it's
like hey yeah i remember i bought you lunch yesterday uh can you take me
to the airport and back this weekend or can you help me move out of my
apartment like that's not a fair exchange but the

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 thing is is that with reciprocity
people will say yes to things because of just underlying human
psychology all right so here's how you use reciprocity which is one of
the strongest things motivators for persuasion in a down selling
environment all right so after let's say you offer your your primary
program you're like hey it's you know it's x right and they're like i i
just can't afford that so he says this you say tell you what i'll do it
for this if you xyz right if you leave me a testimonial so i'll drop the
price in half if you leave me a testimonial fair enough and when you say
that it's like they asked you to make a a some sort of adjustment you
take that in consideration you make the adjustment and you make the
offer again and you say does that sound fair right and the thing is is
it's very difficult for people to keep hearing that over and over again
and not say yes so i'll give you an example one of the step downs that
we use that's really successful and so let's say we're selling a front
end program for 300

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 all right for 300 bucks a week very
straightforward three weeks all right so they say no they say you know
that's too much for me to say no problem what if we just did 49 weeks
for 12 weeks right with a commitment and so we're doing is that you
always have these you always have these cards that you can play so in a
fitness example right you have the term so how long they're committing
to that's number one number two you can ask them to give you a
testimonial you can ask them to give you reviews you can ask them to
bring a friend and each of these things are things that you can ask them
to do so that you can ethically lower the price because you're asking
them to do more all right on top of that you can also add bonuses in the
original package i don't like removing bonuses as much because like i
want to give them those things um and so it's more like i'll i'd rather
go in the other direction of asking them to do more things for me um and
that way if someone else is like why is she paying x and i'm paying z
you can say well she's doing some extra things for me that you're not
and they're like oh and so that way you're not saying like two people
are having different prices

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 for the same program because you've
made additional terms to the agreement right so traditional stepdad
would be like hey can you do this thing for 299. they say no you say
awesome no worries uh you know what i can just cut the price in half and
if you can just commit to 12 weeks fair enough they say no and you say
okay no worries let's just not even worry about the commitment just get
you started today for 49 bucks fair enough they say no you say all right
and you have to acknowledge that it gets kind of increasingly ridiculous
as you make more and more offers right in it in a light tone because
it's still going to pull on that internal mechanism inside of people uh
to take action and say yes okay so we started we've already done two
drop downs we did half price with commitment then we removed commitment
49 all right we're 49 and we eliminate commitment that's two step downs
all right step underneath that you're like all right how about this i'll
do it for 39 if you leave me a testimonial at the end fair enough and
also when you have the testimonial you're also putting another
implication that they're going to get results so you're selling while
you're

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 while you're down selling at the same
time right now you've said three down cells fair enough they're like no
i still can't do it you're like all right cool let's just get you kicked
off at 29 a week pay as you go don't worry about it uh and just bring a
friend in the first 30 days all right that way i can at least cover my
costs and that way it gets me to at least half price what i was saying
before fair enough it's hard for someone to hear that make have you make
all of these uh what is it accommodations for them and not say yes three
four five six times and be very clear about how you're asking for this
don't just say sound good sound great cool that's not the call to action
the call to action when you're down selling i mean i really like this in
general what i'm selling is fair enough sound fair because you're
lowering the bar to just say yeah that sounds fair you're like awesome
great what card you want to use let's get you started right if you want
you can even transition

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 really cool do you want to do your uh
you know nutrition appointment in the morning or the afternoon so you're
already taking more micro steps in the right commitment before you ask
the card if you want to do that all right but i'll go i'll go through
this one more time for everyone who's listening so primary offer it's
2.99 it's got all this amazing stuff uh fair enough no okay no worries
um what we can do is if the price is uh enough but you really still want
this if you if you want to just go longer which you're probably gonna
need anyways right um i'll do it for 49 a week which is half of what i
said earlier all right fair enough and when you're asking this you have
to ask it like you actually want them to say yes and that's why the
tonality is so important don't just like read the script and be like
sound fair like you have to be like fair enough like you have to really
you have to ask it like you're actually asking them to say yes i know
this sounds minor but it's everything over the phone when you don't have
your body to make so that they can see because only nine percent of
communication is verbal right and everything else is how you say the
words not just the words you're saying right i can give you another
example of

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 like how i can take one sentence and
make it mean like six things by how you say it all right sales the same
thing so big program they say no commitment at half price fair enough
they say no you say listen don't worry about it i get it sometimes it
can be scary how about this i'll just let you get started for day pays
you go i'll prove myself all right we don't have to get married we can
just start first date right uh 49 all right fair enough you got to
really wait for it and they're like ah you're like okay you're killing
me here that's okay no worries we'll get this started all right we'll
figure this out together the thing is is that when you're doing this
it's collaborative you're you're on the same side of the table saying
let's figure out a way to make this work right because if you have built
the rapport throughout the sale you've dug the pain right so they know
that this is something that they need to do and they know they need to
do it with you they will work with you as long as you've maintained
rapport and you don't get aggressive right and so you're like okay no
worries how about this i'll do it for 39 a week all right so it's 25 off
of my already 50

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 off right uh if you just leave me a
testimonial at the end fair enough it's hard for like it's hard for
people to keep saying no to that and you're like okay 39 all right i'll
do all right this is this is the this is the best i can do all right
because at this point i'm pretty much paying you to work out all right
so it's i can do this for 29 all right just send me a friend in the
first 30 days that way at least um i can get back to the 49 that that
just at least covers my costs fair enough we say it like that you see
how the tonality changes right they're like man this guy's really trying
to help me out he's really trying to accommodate me and so when you drop
down that many like at this point we're at six drop downs okay so so
this person all right um if they say no at this point then in my opinion
it's not a money thing you lost them earlier on in the sale and they're
trying to get off and at some point earlier on they became disengaged
with the phone call right that's where you get the hey can i get the
credit card they hang up right it's because they're just done with the
conversation they just want they just want to get off the phone right in
person they can't just get off the phone you

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 have a little bit more fighting room
over the phone it's not that way right and so these are the things and
that's why you have to confront the obstacles earlier on like someone's
disengaged uh they're not paying attention they're giving you surface
level problems that's really like hey can i be real with you instead of
nice to you and then you deliver the deliver the pain like hey i'm not
saying that to make you feel bad all right i'm saying that so i can help
right and so when you say that it's like you've you've you've given
yourself permission to inject the truth rub the pain a little bit but
then you you put a band-aid on it afterwards all right and so anyway
that's that's that's early on objections i won't get into that right now
um but knowing how to down sell will massively increase your crows rate
and by adding these little cards that you have that you can trade with
people on allows you to have flexibility in the deal right and then that
way they can feel like you accommodated them you still help them and
then ultimately what you're doing is just trying to get your foot in the
door because in seven days and 14 days they're finally going to trust
you and then they'll buy the full the full price program later like
don't worry about it it's just like

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 let's get you going let's get you in
the in our world so that we can provide value and then after that we'll
make it work all right so uh two cents on down selling you need to know
how to downsell and you know how to do it ethically without sounding
like you're begging or being pushy and that's how you do it all right
lots of everyone if you like this drop a comment drop a review drop you
know drop a whatever engage with this um and uh have a have a miraculous
wednesday all right catch you soon bye \[Music\]
