https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neTSqOAMgao

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 alex has become a mentor to many a
friend to me for sure and uh we're gonna be unpacking his book 100
million offers i do not have the hard copy because we are in lockdown
right now and it is lost somewhere but it is right there this book has
been hugely impactful for me and our community in real ways there's lots
of stuff that you can dig into in the internet marketing world that's
like exciting you know you watch a keynote from russell brunson or any
of the greats and you're like freaking pumped out of your mind you
believe you're one funnel away but reading a book i was like \[ \_\_ \]
there's like so much good stuff in here it feels like it it's gonna work
and then we applied it and lo and behold uh it worked but but here's
where i want to start with you alex so our audience high ticket
entrepreneurs when i talk to coaches and consultants about improving
their offer they typically think like no i'm good like clients are
getting great results we just need more calls we need better marketing
and so i want you to start by sharing like what's the difference between
an

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 offer and a coaching program and then
can you talk to us about why you always want to start with the offer i
actually wrote the third book in the second book first and i wrote this
book which is now the first book that came out third uh and hopefully
you tracked what i just said because i barely did um and the reason i
had to do that was with each book i started with the third book and i
was like i actually kind of need this second book to make sense which
was lead generation i was like well i finished the second book and i was
like you know what if their offer is crap then that's not going to
matter anyway so i have to start with the offer and so it kind of went
in reverse and it's because like as i'm thinking through it i started
thinking about the things that i would immediately want to look at in a
business but usually there's these other weaknesses that are much
stronger and from a speed to money standpoint changing someone's offer
is about the easiest thing that you can do and a better business
intervention um and the offer touches so many components of the business
right so it touches the lead generation component so you get more people
who are going to respond than who otherwise would have with a superior
offer you get more people to buy than who otherwise would

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 have you get higher pricing and more
and more profit as a result of a better offer than you otherwise would
and so with each of those situations they become multiplicative in their
effects on the business and when you put them all together the offer is
the lever on all of them and so i could you know for most businesses you
could just turn the entire business around by fixing this one thing once
that one thing is fixed then you get into okay how much how many
different channels can we have access to to generate leads you know the
third book is money model so how many different ways can we can we
monetize the customer to increase our you know our cash conversion cycle
or basically how quickly return a dollar so we can spend more uh on the
acquisition which is the third book the reason we start with the offer
is because i think in the marketing community at large and i say that uh
because just about here everybody here is in the marketing community at
large um this book i think was a hit at least i perceive it as a hit
because it was the only book that i think has talked about the product
and so no one talks about product in the marketing community and so i
think it seems so far into many people but if you look in the software
world they only talk about product and they don't care at all about
marketing uh because they

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 know and if you will allow me to expand
on this for a quick second and then we can i'll get into the questions
i'm gonna i'll share something with you that's been very very um
impactful for me so a lot of people look at jim launch and they try and
understand the success behind the company and for context for everyone
here the first year i was in business in gym lunch uh at least once we
switched the licensing model we took home 17 million dollars in profit
for perspective let me pause for a second it was as \[ \_\_ \] insane
for me as it might sound to you so it is not lost on me and we went from
3 million in profit the year before to 17. um and a lot of people looked
at our funnels they thought you know alex's sales genie or it's it's
it's our it's our creative it's our hooks it's all it's all these things
and many people try to copy them but no one was able to duplicate the
numbers and success in the scale um and it was because the product was
superior i mean i see mark was here i know mark was one of our early
clients he had a gym i guess now he's doing high ticket which is awesome
the average client made 30 000 in their first 30

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 days that was the average which means
half of people did better than that and so if you look at the internet
marketing community at large i would i would doubt that there are many
offers that produce that kind of result and so we were able to get 36 to
one return on advertising and actually the first year we got a hundred
to one return on our advertising um because honestly the advertising
wasn't the thing that was doing the vast majority of the work it was
word of mouth it was referrals and so people might see the ad but they
had heard about it in three or four other places and i'm told that the
book is having a similar effect it's on people's news feeds and things
like that and for context everyone here there's no book funnel there's
no upsells i've spent no dollars on advertising and it sells a thousand
copies a day right now with no advertising i got reached out to people
like hey man how are you how did you achieve this organic something with
the with the book and i was like we just tried to write a really good
book um and i think that it's it's it's often overlooked and so this is
the piece that i'll finish with and then we'll we can

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 we can rock in but if you think about
the six acquisition channels that exist from clients right you've got
paid media which is advertising of any kind you've got owned media which
is your list of all your people you've got earned media which is the
platforms that'll distribute your stuff organically like we're on
facebook right now so this is an organic hones that's earned media right
and then you've got the three people based which is you got manual
outbound uh you've got affiliates and then you've got referrals and word
word-of-mouth of those six that i just named five of them are linear in
nature what i mean by that is that if i put a hundred dollars in i get a
set or fixed ratio back so i put a hundred in i can get a thousand out
where i do a hundred calls and i get x appointments right it's the same
if there's a fixed ratio and then you just increase in scale right and
with most of those they're diminishing in nature in terms of the more
scale you add the return ratio diminishes with referrals word of mouth
it is quadratic which means it's exponential and so it is the hardest
one to achieve but once you achieve it it is the one that will pay you
so handsomely that is worth the

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 disproportionate investment of time and
the difference between a good book and a great book is large this made a
great book an exceptional or remarkable book or remark worthy as in it
was so good that you had to tell someone about it is even harder right
but that extra uh the extra amount that extra increment of return yields
outsized returns in terms of the practical use of that value and so i
think that for us so many people just you know slap a bunch of videos
together and say this is my course uh rather than having the in-depth or
trench knowledge to go from being good to great or going from great to
being exceptional and i will tell you that having now which is weird i i
feel like uh an older person in the internet marketing space now which
is hilarious in terms of years uh in it rather than age the people who
who continue uh to live on uh and not fizzle and pop are the ones who
have superior product because usually the people who do not uh wither
from the stress or the pressure of unhappy high

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 ticket clients and so the only way you
can weather that emotionally unless you have no conscience is by having
a superior product and having intentions of truly always improving the
products so that you can weather those storms because you and only you
can know your intentions i think that would be at least my word to this
and my test with acquisition.com which if you read in the book is kind
of the venture that that i've been focusing on for the last year my goal
with that business were really the portfolio of businesses is to grow it
exclusively off of inbound because of the other five channels i've grown
each of those to multiply figures in terms of how much i've been able to
generate from them but i have never done um one off of kind of earned
media and purely inbound and so um that was the goal and in order to do
that we had to make sure that the product was truly exceptional and i
can tell you that if the people that make much more money than me it
seems to be a constant in that it is a one-time investment to make a
superior product that has compounding returns most of the wealthiest
people that i know try and invest in something one-time that will pay
them forever whereas most of the poorest people i know try and
consistently have to do

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 things that they have to do over and
over and over and over again you have to make new campaigns you have to
make new reach outs you have to make new phone calls those are all
things that you have to do in order to keep going and as soon as you
stop them the business ends but if the product is superior the product
will run on its own and coincidentally the profit is extremely great
because you have no cost of acquisition you touched on a couple things
there and obviously a big focus of what you see this around superior
product but i would say um 100 agree but i would say also people can't
uh distinguish the fact between the reality of the quality of a product
and deception in the market right so can you talk a bit more about how
your product is both your offer and it's not right it's not just about
adding two more coaching calls a week it's not like i have my community
on facebook or some other platform can you talk a bit more about like
what that looks like with the offer it's kind of it it's kind of this
really interesting thing of the it's the bridge between prospect and
client right and so it has components of both sides it has components of

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 promotion embedded within it but it
also has components of product and so the offer is really communicating
across the bridge what it's like to be a client to a prospect and so
we're thinking about what are the problems what are every single problem
both known and unknown and a little pro tip because if you read the
books how i do it uh pro tip for everybody if you want to include
bonuses include one or two bonuses that solve a problem that only occurs
upon success so for example if i was taking on a company for
acquisition.com then a bonus might be i'll also you know introduce you
to all my tax shelter people also introduce you to my legal team also
introduced my investor people who will help you um keep more of the
money that we're going to be making right so we're going to solve a
problem that's going to assume success and so all of a sudden your
prospect is going to have a higher belief in that they're going to
achieve it because why what other reason would you be solving problems
uh that that assumed success right unless people were being successful
to circle back to what you were saying earlier dan the perception right
of the product um

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 has to be the thing that appears
valuable and your ability to do that will also be predicated on the true
value of the product so it is it is both ways right um but the idea is
and i think this might be contrary to some of the things that are in the
internet marketing communities that i believe that you should solve
every prospect's problem most things operate like a pipeline and so if
you have 100 steps if you miss 99 it still won't work it's like a car
engine like is there a more important part in the car engine than
another part well they're all required so they are requisite pieces and
i think most times people solve one or two of the things they might
bring an engine uh and they might bring gasoline but they don't have
wheels or they don't have spokes or they might not even have the nuts on
the wheels right uh to keep them on and so it's really thinking through
and i think that's where the the depth of knowledge is so important
where like i tell this story and hopefully it'll illustrate the point
here i believe in doing the really ugly unscalable stuff first so that
you can have the depth of knowledge to to do the scalable thing a lot of
people want to jump the gun and

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 go straight to i mean i can't tell you
the amount of times i've talked to quote agency owners who are like man
these realtors can't make money on my leads and i actually had a a an
agency that i worked with for almost a year on our software platform and
every month i would just say why don't you just get a real estate
license and actually work your leads and finally he did it and in his
first month he made five times more money than he did three years prior
because he actually knew what the \[ \_\_ \] he was talking about right
and so gym launch became as big as it was because i spent two years on
the road launching 33 different gyms in different markets in person
working the front desk so we knew the nuances and the differences of
what time of day to call and what cadence then what text to use in this
type of market what types using this type of market and we were able to
troubleshoot those things so easily and successfully that our client saw
a disproportionate amount of success and then in the sales call and when
in creating the offer we could say hey if you're if you're familiar with
orange clapham talks about a flash troll right which is where you talk
about all these little features and

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 problems that they haven't even
encountered yet that you have already solved and then in so doing you
demonstrate such superior expertise to the person that they immediately
trust you as an authority and then all of a sudden the remainder of the
conversation is very easy because they know that they don't even have
the perspective from which to make a judgment they transfer that that
authority over to you to make a judgment on their behalf so i want you
to kind of go deeper on something you just said because uh tied to that
i've heard you talk about this a lot which is that people try and solve
problems that don't exist when it comes to the scalability of their
offer if they're scared to offer too much and they have zero clients or
a few clients they go i just don't know how this is going to look at 50.
and so can you talk about the kind of those spectrums of like easy to
sell hard to sell easy to deliver hard to deliver so i think that most
entrepreneurs would be best served especially in the beginning and so
it's hard to make broad sweeping statements because there's always
exceptions to them but by and large most entrepreneurs who are probably
in this community selling high ticket coaching services would be best
served selling a less scalable offer at higher ticket first

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 and then piece by piece removing
pieces that are less scalable and so you do that because you give higher
touch to clients you have more more profit in your acquisition because
most done for you models for example uh if done properly i'm not saying
agency models because i'm not a big fan of agency models but um most
done free models if done properly should yield excess cash and the issue
becomes operational fulfillment right which is how i prefer to have my
bottleneck in the operations and scale than in demand generation that is
just my preference some people prefer different ways i prefer it that
way um and so the easier something is to sell in general which is going
to require more handholding in your part more services more things the
easier it is to sell right on the flip side if you just sell a course
via webinar it becomes very very difficult to sell in general you have
to have very very high persuasive abilities in order to sell that and a
pretty unique opportunity right if you're telling how to make how to run
facebook ads i think that time has somewhat come and gone right and so
uh the idea is i would prefer to be on the easier to sell part of the
spectrum

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 gain the experience generate the cash
flow and then use the cash for to solve future problems of scale um and
i think that that is a better sequence that has a higher likelihood of
success for most people yeah and i would say there's a huge assumption
baked into that which comes down to a really wildly uncommon opinion you
have which is on pricing because all of that assumes that you're going
to have then excess cash and enough to deliver and that it's priced
right so can you talk a bit more about pricing because i think for most
people we do what dan kennedy calls the wag pricing model which is just
the wild ass guess or the industry norm right where you just go like
what does this person do what does this person do great i'll be
somewhere in the middle or a little bit cheaper so when we got into that
you know in our first coaching business um which was obviously gym
launch we uh the highest priced person at the time was 5k uh the lowest
price people were kind of agencies doing 500 bucks a month so that was
kind of the range of the marketplace and so when we came in our
front-end program was 16k our back-end program was actually a three-year
126k program so the pricing was so vastly different than

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 everyone else that it caused the
prospects to take pause and say there must be something different going
on here paul is there and then if you think about what a lot of people
are seeing with the book or at least i'm told is that the book's kind of
all over a lot of people's news feeds imagine you have this kind of
pricing with all of this word of mouth that's surrounding it and then it
creates this allure right and so the idea is that we have to charge so
much in order to get the clients and prospects more invested because a
in a very real way price confers value right so there's a story on the
book but it's it's it's basically if you had three people thread try
three different wines the high price the middle price and the low price
and then rate them most people rate the highest price wine the best but
the thing is is that when they do these studies they actually make all
three wines the same and so in a very real way price does confer value
your product that's number one number two is that if you change the
quality or increase the quality of your prospects you will increase the
quality of your products so what i mean by that is if i am working with
uh somebody who's making five million dollars a year right and

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 then i give them a book right dan all
of a sudden that book to dan is worth two million dollars this year
right if i give that to somebody who's never started a business before
the book might be worth some inspiration and so there's a very real
difference in the value that my product delivered based on the quality
of my prospect independent of the change in my product and so the second
point is that if you change and increase the quality of your prospects
you can also charge your concurrently higher price based on the value
that is true that you were delivering to that person the third piece is
that i like having pricing power in general because there is a strong
strategic advantage to being higher priced i just named two of them
right in the marketplace but one of the biggest ones is that you have so
much more gross profits left over that a you can spend more on the
acquisition but b you can do things that other people can't and so you
further eliminate or or separate yourself from the competition by being
able to provide things that no one else can right so for example in the
gym launch world because we had a lot of clients that are we still
continue to have a lot of clients that are in the

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 same markets we were able to spend 50
000 a month every month on testing advertisements and then we would just
license those ads out to all of the facilities across right no one else
could do that because i had the spare cash that i could just put into
marketing and then only hand scratch off lottery winners to them that
they could just go and cash in right because they already knew they
worked and so i could hire a team just to build all this stuff for them
and there weren't even franchisors at that time that we were doing that
stuff and honestly they still don't and so we're able to still run a
very high growth profit on even that product line and so the idea is
like how can i do things that no one else can do and the thing is is i
would start with the price first now obviously it has to be based in
reality in terms of the value you can provide but a lot of times with
the access gross profit you can in a very real way provide more value
and so that's why in the book i like to anchor the pricing in the
beginning because that just kind of sets the stage but then when we get
into the value creation side of it it's like how can i how can i make it
so likely that they are successful how can i get them to be successful
in half the time and how can i do it so i can eliminate effort and
sacrifice and for those who don't know the difference between effort and

19 00:18:00.000 --\> 00:19:00.000 sacrifice effort is what someone has
to do that they don't want to do that they weren't doing before they
started working with you sacrifice is when they have to stop doing
something that they enjoy doing that they were doing before they started
working with you that they can no longer do and so the idea is how can i
limit eliminate the effort and sacrifice cut the time in half and then
increase the perceived likelihood that they're going to achieve the
result that they want and so that was kind of the basis i mean in
general if there was one summary picture for the book in terms of how to
create value it's the value equation and so the remainder of the book is
basically the executions the tactics around how do we actually do this
how do we create a dream outcome that's appealing to the person right
making a million dollars for most men is more appealing than being more
handsome not saying that they don't want both but they probably want one
more and in a real way a lot of guys would spend five hundred thousand
dollars to make a million dollars but probably wouldn't spend five
hundred thousand dollars to be more handsome or maybe they would but it
depends on their income right perceived likely of achievement i'll give
you an example here so if if you guys were if you had your if for i see
a lot of guys on here but if your wife were getting uh plastic surgery
or

20 00:19:00.000 --\> 00:20:00.000 you're getting plastic surgery
whatever right you have two surgeons that have the exact same they're
gonna do the exact same surgery on you right the outcome's the same now
so i'm i'm controlling for the outcome and showing you different pieces
of the value equation if one of them was about to do their first surgery
ever out of medical school and the other one was on their 10 000th
surgery in their career which of them would you rather work with this
one which one would you rather pay more this one you probably asked this
guy to pay you because you were his first surgery right and so in a very
real way the perceived likelihood of its achievement increases the value
independent of the actual service being delivered and so that is why
it's the second thing now most marketers focus all their attention on
the top side of the equation this is what i did for the first few years
of my career when i was at my gyms when i sold weight loss and then even
in the beginning of gym launch it was all about how much money are you
going to make and then \[ \_\_ \] loads of testimonials how much money
you're going to make \[ \_\_ \] loads of testimonials but there are
other ways to increase perceived likelihood of achievement which is kind
of goes back to that flash role argument i was saying earlier which is
here are all the things that you didn't even think about that i have
already handled uh on your journey that

21 00:20:00.000 --\> 00:21:00.000 you didn't even foresee which then
shows my expertise that i know what i'm doing and so the goal is to
increase these as much as possible now the second half of the equation
are the detractors in a very real way in my opinion the bottom side of
the equation is actually more powerful in persuasion than the top side
and the reason is because it's very easy to make claims it's very easy
to talk about the dream outcome right but it's much more difficult to
actually decrease the time delay which why for us one of the major kpis
we've always had as a company is how much cash someone generates in the
first 14 days working with us right and so for us we drive towards that
equation and for us right now for example the average cash collected in
the first 14 days is 15 500 right for our client that is the average
right and so with that i can have a big outcome in the first you know 14
days so they have a very short time delay between when they when they
buy something and they begin to start experiencing the results right and
so i'll give you a simple way of providing value look at what everyone
else is doing in the market and do it in half the time right if all of a
sudden for example as

22 00:21:00.000 --\> 00:22:00.000 an extreme version of this i would say
hey i'm selling a weight loss product i use weight loss because everyone
understands it all right and as soon as you click this you look at you
you pull your shirt up and you have a six-pack right you buy my six-pack
program you click purchase and you have a six-pack immediately how
valuable would that product be extraordinarily right and so the idea is
we made the product more valuable not by changing the outcome not by
changing the perceived like of achievement but by simply changing the
time in which it took to achieve the outcome that was promised and so as
a marketing example for example if i had a a marketing agency again
which i'm not a huge fan of but if you had a marketing agency that was
commoditized service based right if i were trying to provide more value
i would say as soon as as soon as the contract is signed if the
prospect's phone rang figuratively or their inbox you know was filled
and they got a book call immediately with a qualified prospect that was
booked 30 minutes after they got off the phone with you how much more
valuable would that be

23 00:22:00.000 --\> 00:23:00.000 than somebody that says hey it's gonna
take 30 days to ramp up it'll take another 30 days to start seeing
results so it's like 30 days after that for you to recoup and break even
and then by month six but like you have i've already lost you right so
much less valuable and so the idea is the time delay component is a
massive area of value and if you look at the biggest companies in the
world they look at time as one of the major drivers of value time is
thing that most people value more than anything uber came in because it
was more convenient right netflix came in because it was more convenient
than doing the other things right which also ties into the second part
of the bottom equation which is effort and sacrifice right and so the
idea is again if i like weight loss again i'll just use the example we
we asked susie right to give up waking up you know sleeping in right
because she's got to wake up early to go to the gym right now she's sore
every day so now she's got she's got effort and sacrifice that are
associated she can't eat any of the foods that she likes anymore she's
got to eat separate from her family her kids are making fun of her she
goes out she misses her she can't drink champagne at her at her sister's
wedding on top of that all like everything that she loves about life is

24 00:23:00.000 --\> 00:24:00.000 gone right and and here's the best
part it's gonna take her 12 months to maybe look a little better but
still not be at her goal so no wonder it's so \[ \_\_ \] hard to sell
and so the idea is how can we eliminate as many of these barriers as
possible in the effort and sacrifice component so that we can make it as
instant and as fast for them and the reason i made it a fraction is
because in theory if you can get the bottom side of the equation to zero
as in it's instant and there's no effort in the sacrifice then you have
an infinitely valuable product right and if you think about like what
amazon's doing right they're getting so close to literally you just like
click one button on your phone or maybe it's i mean very soon it'll just
be you talk out loud your phone will hear you through a lexus alexa and
then a drone drops it off at your at your house two hours later they are
shrinking that gap the effort and sacrifice and the time delay so much
that the value becomes so infinite infinite and that's why they're
becoming such a behemoth right and so when i think about products and
how do we create value because a lot of people throw the term out right
they're like god they've got to give value got to

25 00:24:00.000 --\> 00:25:00.000 create value if you're like what is
value like and so this is my best attempt at at writing down or at least
compartmentalizing what i believe value to be in an equation so you can
look at your own products and say how do we measure up here and perceive
likelihood how do we measure pure effort and sacrifice how can we make
things happen faster for them is there a dream outcome that we can
communicate in a way that's more compelling or more relatable i'll give
you a hack so one of the things that we did on our onboarding process
that we switched was um so our so our sales team takes no string sales
calls and they close the sale and they transfer over to the onboarding
team and so for a very long time it was just hey so it says seems here
that your goal is you're trying to make an extra ten thousand dollars a
month awesome that's gonna help you do cool and so they were already
impressed because we actually read the notes that were from their sales
call mind blowing right but it increased their perceived likelihood of
achievement because they're like oh these people are buttoned up right
crazy by the way to have a handoff between sales and the first which
they talk to after they give you money anyways what we started doing was
we started asking them on the sales calls of course what is that like
why is that why is ten thousand dollars the number why is that

26 00:25:00.000 --\> 00:26:00.000 meaningful for you why not why not
twenty eight thousand why not five thousand right like was there is
there something as a result of having ten thousand dollars that is going
to change in your life in one way or another because if there weren't
there would there'd be no point in even making the money and so then
they tell you the real reason which is uh you know we've got two kids
and i really wish my wife could be at home with them whatever right and
so what we do in the onboarding call is now we can tie more accurately
hey so it shows here that what you're trying to do is trying to retire
your wife all right so that's what we're going to try and help you do
here with the program and what i need you to do in order to do that is
you got to follow these steps so now all of a sudden we got way higher
buy-in way higher compliance and we actually had higher conversions on
the back end simply by changing the on-boarding process and not even
changing the product you could make the argument change the auditing
process is a part of the product but hopefully you understand my point
so if you can more accurately depict the dream outcome to your prospect
they will value it in a better way it'll also increase the perceived
likelihood that's super good man and i i want to get your thoughts on
something that i know that a good portion of the 130 people with us
right now are probably

27 00:26:00.000 --\> 00:27:00.000 thinking which is that they need to
upgrade their market oh i want to charge more money so i'm going to go
find the people that have more money and i can't tell you how often
people like you know what are you qualifying for and say the dm's to get
someone into a call they're like oh they've got to be making six figures
i'm like why and they're like because they you know it's easier for them
to pay for my program whatever it might be can you talk really quickly
about niche slapping which is a big thing for us in the coaching space
and then also the economics behind your pricing of gym launch and how
much money the average gym owner makes yeah so those are a couple of
things so i'll start in reverse order of what i remember from the
question so uh so the average gym owner makes uh 29.50 a month of
take-home income on about a 300 000 a year uh uh business right brick
and mortar and so you're talking about 36 thousand dollars a year
roughly um in take-home income it depends on the source of the data but
it's around 30 to 36. and so our program was 16 000 up front right um
and then the back-end program was 42 000 which is literally more than

28 00:27:00.000 --\> 00:28:00.000 someone makes in a year and so the the
idea so i'm not against you finding higher quality prospects if you can
make your product so good that it will pay for itself immediately then
that is where you really unlock basically unlimited money right if you
can help people actually make the money to pay for your program rather
than asking them to pay for the program and then get the result you
you're tapping into like the universe right you don't you know there's
no there's no limit on the amount of money that you can make and the
reason that we were able to make so much is because we made so many
people so much money like that's the real like there's no other secret
to that like we made a lot of people a lot of money and as a result of
that they were happy to pay us for the money that we were making them
most people couldn't afford i would say 50 of the gyms that we sign up
can't afford the next month's payment if we don't make the money so we
have to make the money which is why most gym competitors have entered
the space have never been able to get to a tenth of our size right it's
because they they weren't able to operationalize the value the way we
were able to so that's that's in terms of like the the value compared to
the price in terms of the income of the person in terms of niche
slapping

29 00:28:00.000 --\> 00:29:00.000 the simplest answer i can give you
might be might be a story so i was talking to again agency owner but i
guess we live in the marketing world right different different agencies
this is an agency coach all right so he coaches agencies he's like hey
i'm getting all these dms about doing general business um do you think i
should go into general business and i said i think that's a terrible
idea there's a couple reasons one because i didn't think he had earned
it yet um but second and probably more importantly the question is i was
like have you reached the market cap the answer is no of course not
doing 5 million a year in an industry that does 20 billion or 50 billion
whatever it is in the entire marketing agency space he's probably not
pretty close right so he had risen to his level of incompetence and so
it didn't really matter him switching the niche that he was going to he
was just going to rise up to his next level of incompetence which is
going to be the same as what it is now but more realistically he would
drop to two and a half on here raised to two and a half on here now be
ceo of two businesses which you can only have like think about this how
many publicly traded companies have a ceo that is being ceo of home
depot and ceo of

30 00:29:00.000 --\> 00:30:00.000 coca-cola he's like well i'm doing
both right i'm running two companies because i'm gonna figure out which
one explodes it's \[ \_\_ \] stupid right it's \[ \_\_ \] and yeah we do
it all the time as entrepreneurs and so you have to pick and then you
have to commit and then the hardships that you experience are the things
that you have to perceive or at least for me that i perceive as barriers
that no one else will go through there is that when i encounter them
once i solve them someone else who comes behind me will encounter them
and not know how to solve them and the more of these rungs that i pass
the more difficult it is for someone to achieve the same thing and so at
any of the markets but i tend to ask when people come to me i see what
like let's say somebody's making five billion dollars a year i would
just ask them because they're like hey man i'm thinking about switching
about switching markets and i'm like well why they're like well i want
to make more money i'm like cool i'm like well why don't you just double
your business and still have one business and then inevitably with
enough questions it's the answer becomes because i just don't know how
right it's like well then let's solve that problem

31 00:30:00.000 --\> 00:31:00.000 and then grow the business rather than
just feed our egos and have a quick win because you have a couple dms of
people who say they want general business coaching which will then
inevitably flounder once you get into the real space against dudes who
make way more money than you are much better at business and so like the
reason you niche down is because you don't want to you don't want to
fight against bigger competitors there is a time to become tony robbins
right but most people aren't there and so it's much better to cater your
marketing and your messaging and your product to an individual and in so
doing provide outsized returns and value which you can then capitalize
on right if i had a generic facebook ads program five years ago i might
have made a few million dollars but because i was able to say hey i'm
gonna copy and paste this here's every \[ \_\_ \] step of this process
to turn eyeballs into gold immediately because i didn't have to tailor
it right everything out of the box was exactly the way it needed to be
for that prospect right so nothing else needed to change whereas the
more wiggle you have in your product because it's individualized and
variable

32 00:31:00.000 --\> 00:32:00.000 between markets and avatars and things
like that then all of a sudden your your value drops because you can
provide because you're providing less of it in a very real way because
otherwise every single one of the clients should have a personally
catered uh program but you can't do that because you're not committing
to a niche yeah chris just said there's so much to unpack here hurts um
there was someone here i know that's uh being in our pipeline for all 50
years old uh runs a real estate coaching company he's just like this
live is changing my life so when we're talking about an offer i think
most everyone gets how this impacts the very end of their sales and
marketing process in that short time at the end of a call where we go i
think i can help would you like me to share a bit more about what that
would look like right and and that's what we think that you're telling
us to do is create something that makes that part really easy and of
course having a great offer makes that part easier how do you feel like
we should be thinking about and utilizing a grand slam offer to improve
our marketing is it simply talking more about what it is that we do

33 00:32:00.000 --\> 00:33:00.000 how do you think about that i think
each of the bonuses that i was talking about kind of that flash roll of
all of the all the problems that your prospect doesn't perceive yet like
that in my opinion b2b advertising is all about demonstrating expertise
in advance when you're creating a grand slam offer you have so many
problems that are being solved that you can speak to them and ideally i
would like to speak to them in a way that i know my competition is not
solving them and so by doing that i'm strengthening myself and at the
same time throwing rocks against my competitors because i know that i'm
solving problems that they aren't and i'm doing that because i've
actually done it and they have not and they're making it up because
they're looking because they bought a course and how to be a guru and
they never actually did \[ \_\_ \] right and so and many of your
competitors are the same way of course not you because you're listening
to this and that's not you of course but other people other people your
competitors right are like that right and so the way to to get around
that and be able to use the offer is again and have the in-depth
knowledge of every single problem that's going to happen and then your
marketing takes on its own unique language because everyone

34 00:33:00.000 --\> 00:34:00.000 else tries to talk in features and
benefits and promises and you can think this is what it means but when
you can talk about the problems in a very specific way because you've
experienced them because you went through it because you know that
suzie's always going to \[ \_\_ \] complain about the music in the gym
the bathrooms aren't clean enough mark might get a laugh out of that
only a gym owner would know that but a marketer who's never been a gym
owner wouldn't know that right \[ \_\_ \] susie right exactly the point
is is that if you know the pains then in your marketing my offer is
going to have components right so i might cover some of those aspects
that i know are nuanced pains and solve problems that no one else is
solving because i'm talking about something else was talking about
because i actually did it and i'm saying i is all of us not not me
specifically tell us about your marketing plan right now and what we can
learn from it because you're giving away all this stuff for free and i
think there is this huge lie in our industry which is we we should keep
our marketing like we hear like nifty things like we we show

35 00:34:00.000 --\> 00:35:00.000 our know-how but give know how right
and so it's like oh we demonstrate we know we're talking about but we
actually help no one and hopefully they're you know agitated enough they
jump on a call and you're kind of taking this very different approach
and in my experience with gym launch marketing it's always been
different you've actually provided a stack of value up front so much so
that probably makes competitors who provide that same stuff or similar
for paid in their program pretty scared so so coach us on that for a
second we all do marketing whether it's organic or paid how should we be
thinking about demonstrating value and giving stuff away can we hold on
there because i want to add one thing to the last question that i think
would be a really good thought so from the offer perspective to effect
marketing i want to give an extreme example because it came to me as you
were saying that if you said i will get you this outcome for free
guaranteed or pay you twice as much as you paid me how difficult do you
think it will be to acquire customers not hard it wouldn't be hard right
at all and so what ended up happening would be the bottleneck would
become your

36 00:35:00.000 --\> 00:36:00.000 operational your operations right
isn't that so much better of a problem because then you have flow that
you can then consistently test things on and fix the operations right as
you \[ \_\_ \] up which you inevitably will in the beginning and then
you eventually get it right and the other piece of that is that's an
extreme example of like it's free i'll get to this crazy outcome and if
you don't i'll pay you twice as much and if you're like alex that's
insane what do you think i did for two years flying out to gyms for no
cost to them i literally sat at their front desk for three and a half
weeks in the middle of nowhere spent my own money on advertising paid
for my own hotel my own flights made the calls made the sales myself did
the onboarding and introduction of the nutrition plans where i would
sell them supplements and i did all of that and that you know how to do
anything so if you're like this guy's saying something that's totally
unreasonable i did it for two years and so like i say that because i
really do believe in this right and so if you the idea is how can i give
away a crazy offer that no one would say no to and think how can

37 00:36:00.000 --\> 00:37:00.000 i get no one to say no to this right
and if you're afraid of it that's okay that's fear you know i'll just
i'll leave it at that anyways and so if you want to right if you want if
you want to \[ \_\_ \] out a little bit you can just take one step back
and say okay well everyone would say yes to this maybe 90 of people say
yes to this and this is something that i'm willing to do okay cool right
and so the idea is how how few of these pieces can i peel back versus
the other extreme which is hey buy my thing maybe you get results maybe
you don't i don't care i got paid either way it's your fault which is
for the most part most coaching offers think about that right and if
you're like man i'm not confident enough that we're going to be able to
deliver on those promises then fix the \[ \_\_ \] product right and stop
selling the \[ \_\_ \] you're selling well it's like the why are you
selling it to begin with if you can't have the strong offer and the
strong guarantee behind it then the product sucks then you're never
going to make a ton of money because the product sucks and you're never
going to be able to market it and here's a mind \[ \_\_ \] for you all
right so i told you that you have a compound there's six channels right
and one of them compounds and is

38 00:37:00.000 --\> 00:38:00.000 quadratic the reason the other reason
sony the people end up fizzling and popping when they become gurus is
because the word of mouth marketing that is working against them
outpaces them they sold enough people and enough people told enough
people about how much their \[ \_\_ \] sucked that no one responds to
their ads anymore because you either have a positive quadratic force
behind you that is just feeding you every day where you have a negative
quadratic force behind you but the word of mouth is always happening
it's just whether you're controlling it or not or whether you know about
it or not and so anyways i just wanted to touch on that based on the
last question but the question that you just asked just repeat it real
quick just for everybody on here well i just want to touch on something
you just said which is this solves the age old challenge uh that people
are especially experiencing now which is the coaching industry is more
saturated than it's ever been right and there are 101 people that are
promising the same thing that have the same deliverables in their
program more or less and you're now trying to figure out how to stand
out of the marketplace and the answer is like be bitter like that's
really what i'm hearing you say it's not like we're not trying to be
better wordsmiths or write greater copy

39 00:38:00.000 --\> 00:39:00.000 it's like actually create a product
that's superior so marketing is about different businesses about better
so everyone talks about blue ocean but you don't need to be blue ocean
in the product the product just needs to be better and so many times the
incremental improvements over time do add up and they do create outsized
returns it's just hard because it's boring no one's like oh man we
should improve our own boarding process that's boring that's not sexy
you do a hundred of those and all of a sudden a vast majority of your
clients are getting results right and then all of a sudden they're like
no this program is awesome when someone hears about it they tell their
friends and then that friend might not immediately sign up but they
might go by your book they might go join your group right or they might
actually now respond to the ad that they've seen 10 times and be like
well i did hear something about dan so maybe i will check it out so in
my opinion i think the word of mouth actually becomes the first tip of
the dynamo domino and the paid ads actually kind of function as as
retargeting even if it's cold you just don't know that they have now
been they've now touched your brand in some way and once they've had one
word of mouth

40 00:39:00.000 --\> 00:40:00.000 or two word of mouth now they will
respond to the ad that is called traffic and as far as hiros or whatever
it is you know whatever you're tracking is right in your in that thing
it looks like it's new but it's not they already got touched in other
ways and then walked in so i think much more in terms of differentiating
yourself in the marketplaces you have to have a parallel marketing
campaign that is going on on your behalf behind the scenes and um one of
the questions that i think is very haunting but i think is very powerful
is right now if i if i were the god of of marketing right thor god of
marketing right and i said right now you can get no more customers from
any any any acquisition methods you're using all right so you can't do
you can't do affiliates you can't do paid ads you can't do reach outs
you can't do any of that stuff all right the only way you can get new
customers is if your existing customers bring you more customers how
different would the experience you have with your customers look if that
was the only way you could get new clients and if you can think right
now how different it would look how much interaction you would have how
much support would be there how you'd make sure everyone was successful

41 00:40:00.000 --\> 00:41:00.000 then change that now and then they
will come so going back to that question of giving away too much and
this temptation to be really shallow in our marketing and it kind of
flicks our expert muscles but not enough to actually help people you
take a very different approach coach us on that um it's kind of like the
the age old like what happens if i train an employee and then they leave
it's like what happens if you never train them and they stay right and
so it just faces the inevitability that you're like you got to train all
your employees right or you got to invest in all your employees and i
think you can use the same kind of thought process which is well 99 of
people what if i give them all this value and they don't buy right well
it's like what if you give them no value right and all they consume is
your fluff and so it's been my opinion that 99 of the marketplace will
never buy from it and so there's the there's the human side of it and
then there's the money side so first just touching on the human side of
it i sleep better at night knowing or at least believing that

42 00:41:00.000 --\> 00:42:00.000 more people benefit from the stuff
that we give out right i feel like that's a net positive just in general
right so that and i think most entrepreneurs i talk to they say hey i
want to make an impact i want to help people to the degree which that's
true i don't know but whatever it sounds nice and so i think that if
that is true for you then why not give away more um in a recent goal for
myself as a total tangent but i'm going to go for it anyways is to is to
die the man who gave them most um and that's i maybe i'll never achieve
that but it's a nice goal for me um on the money side a couple things
one is if you give enough you don't have to ask so you've heard of the
jab jab jab right hook thing right let me tell you real \[ \_\_ \]
secret you can just jab jab jab and never ride hook and people will just
lay down and say you win the amount of dms i get a day that offer me
between 50 and 250 000 for a day or an hour per day is staggering that's
not an offer i have that's nothing and i don't sell it

43 00:42:00.000 --\> 00:43:00.000 right but because there's been enough
value that they believe has been i've there's a threshold that has been
met or surpassed and they're like and most people have reciprocity most
people are normal people and if they receive something they want to give
something back and the idea behind marketing in my opinion is to trigger
that in people is how can it give them so much that they would feel
unreasonable or guilty to not pay me and i can't tell you the amount of
times where i had somebody who read the gym launch book which is the
first book i wrote a few years ago for the gym industry and uh they read
the book and they're like dude your book tripled my business i i'm here
a year later and um i just i had to you know i had to see what he's like
you could do nothing and i would just be happy to sign up right and i
think that in terms of the fear of giving stuff away it's pure scarcity
and i'll define that because i think scarcity and abundance are thrown
around a lot in the marketing community but no one actually like defines
it kind of like value and so my definition of abundance is or being
abundant is being someone who cannot be controlled

44 00:43:00.000 --\> 00:44:00.000 because they need nothing and so if i
don't need anything you cannot incentivize me and therefore i cannot be
controlled which means i'm purely autonomous which means i don't need to
give you anything to get something back because i don't need what you
have and so i think what ends up happening when you do this very valued
value-centric or value first approach is that you inevitably end up
playing the long game and as a further tangent which hopefully then will
let me expound upon i think that one of the most undertalked about
concepts in the marketplace is goodwill and i think that goodwill
compounds and i think it compounds fast food than revenue you can get
outsized returns on providing value into a pool of a marketplace and
that goodwill will multiply far faster than your asking will and if you
can hold off long enough you won't ever need to ask you can just keep
giving and so the idea of like when am i giving enough is chilly like
give everything you have and the reality is that most of the

45 00:44:00.000 --\> 00:45:00.000 stuff you have and i'm saying this not
as a pejorative statement i'm saying this is in general most of stuff
you have might not be that good and what it will do is it will force you
to get better and if there's ever been like a single consolidated
statement of like what alex believes about making money it's people just
need to be much better than they are and most people suck at most things
they do especially the things they think they're good at a lot of you
probably would think your competitors are not that good your competitors
don't think you're that good and so the question is how can we how can
we make it so it's so unreasonable for them to like i used to and this
used to be in part of my marketing i was like people might say that they
don't like our methods i was like but no one's ever said jim doesn't
make people money what are the biggest mistakes or i would say what is
your advice to us to get to for everyone under a million in revenue to
get to a million in revenue from like high-level business principles and
then and this is the this is the key part that you were 100 qualified to
answer on

46 00:45:00.000 --\> 00:46:00.000 get to a million and take home pretty
much until about three million per year in revenue um the advice pretty
much holds which is one product one avatar on one channel and here's
what's hilarious i'll bet you there's a bunch of people on here who have
more than one thing going on and they're probably also selling more than
one product they're also selling to more than one avatar let's think
about this if you could only pick one avatar to sell to and one product
to sell them in only one way or one channel to access them how much
easier would your life pay how much more quantifiable and simple would
that feel does anyone here even thinking about quitting all the side
hustles that they're talking about or the half project that they think
might become something i'm doing these two kind of businesses i'll see
which one works out the answer is either of them will work out but
neither of them with an n neither of them will work if you try to do
both and so the issue is not even time the issue is detention you only
have so much attention you only have so much juju right there's only so
much heat uh and you have too many pans on the heat's not concentrated
enough and so you got to put the juju on one problem because believe it
or not the guy who's crushing you that's what he's doing

47 00:46:00.000 --\> 00:47:00.000 and so you're trying to compete with
two hands tied behind your back against people who are putting every
single ounce of their life into just solving one problem if you do that
life gets a lot easier and for me i would rather make business easier
than harder and so that's kind of the idea is how can we stack the chips
in our favor so that it would be unreasonable for us not to be
successful if you only had to solve one problem for one avatar and you
only had one way that you were going to approach them even if you didn't
know how that channel worked even if you weren't perfect to solve in the
problem since you only have to do those things you will with enough
iteration to solve it and then the marketplace will reward you what are
you saying people need to keep in mind when it gets to that one million
in take home which almost you know no one gets to even the people that
are in freaking eight figure land spending 700k a month on ads what's
what's important to keep in mind there are what mistakes do people make
when not not making a profitable business the lifetime gross profit per
customer has to be higher so to go from three to ten you don't really
need to change anything besides making sure the customers are more
valuable you can do that by improving the product and just like if you
have a recurring based business it's

48 00:47:00.000 --\> 00:48:00.000 reducing turn most the time and
optimizing pricing or adding a single you know high value additional you
know service level right um and again you might think well that's adding
operational complexity the answer is yes it is adding operational
complexity but people who make 10 million are more skilled than people
who make three million dollars and so that is a skill that you need to
acquire you know in the path of getting there are there exceptions
absolutely but these are kind of obviously broad-based for if i'm
talking specifically to high-ticket coaches who are in a niche usually
going from three to ten million is going to include increasing the
lifetime value of the customer in some way either by introducing a
back-end or keeping them longer the other piece of it from what you were
saying earlier is that if you have to spend that much money on marketing
it means the product's not that good last question i have for you alex
because it's a big question why did you write the book and what's your
new mission if it's not helping gyms be super profitable yeah so right
now we're just helping businesses that are doing about five million and
up um get to you know 30 50 million dollars a year because now we've
done it four times um

49 00:48:00.000 --\> 00:49:00.000 in the businesses that we own 100 of
and so now we're just doing it and participating um in it so we just
invest in those companies we basically function as a makeshift exec team
so we've got a cfo cool there's me vp sales and so all of those things
basically functioning because usually at that five million dollar level
the issues you don't have enough talent not enough experience and so we
can just go inject those in and then de-bottled like all the things that
we know because we've done that so many times and so uh in terms of the
marketing perspective i don't really have any desire to sell masterminds
coaches or courses because i don't need to you know i mean the
businesses that we own already pump out tons of cash flow and i just
don't need to do it nor do i really have the desire and so the idea was
i'll just make basically my goal is to make the best internet marketing
business that exists to make everything and then if they're you know if
someone wants to get to that next level they've already proven
themselves uh able to execute on the concepts that we gave away for free
then it means that they're not gonna need handle holding for me um which
means that i've proven that the information works because they executed
on it and they've proven to me that they can do it um and so it's kind
of it works off of shared uh press right

50 00:49:00.000 --\> 00:50:00.000 off the bat and so that's that's kind
of the goal with the business and the real real is that i think that
when i die nothing's going to happen and that there's really no such
thing as legacy and if i have 100 generations people forget who i am it
makes me feel good i love that i'm like giving you someone up in one
minute guys um please share some love to alex uh alex thank you so much
he is the man that has nothing to sell you plenty of people broken the
world he doesn't want you to be one of them so make sure you check him
out and dive deeper into stuff alex appreciate your friendship
appreciate your input this has been amazing have a great day dude
appreciate you guys thank you for having me
