https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1tA4l7R2c0

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 all right and so this is a very very
real world tactical um tidbit that you can use to close \[Music\] sales
i want to give you a quick and tactical uh training this is one of my
favorite stories of all time from selling stuff and this comes from the
vaults of richard schwartz and manos swords furriers they're a fourth
generation furrier in baltimore and they took over the entire market
really the larger like maryland pennsylvania market just simply doing
the boring work and being better at the everyday things and so richard
schwartz unknowing unbeknownst to him was a a mentor of mine in terms of
i just observed a lot of the things that he did in his business and i
started doing back of napkin math when i was 17 or 18 and i was like
dude this guy kills it um and he was

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 and i probably still is um and uh there
was one he's i learned so many things from him but one of them uh was
getting people to say no to say yes all right and so this is a very very
real world tactical um tidbit that you can use to close sales now
there's a specific type of sale that this really applies to which is a
lot of times bolt-on or upsells right and these upsells can be
incredibly important to the business in terms of driving bottom-line
profit liquidating acquisition costs and so usually these are sales that
are not complex sales these are not necessarily core offer sales these
are sales uh you know within the finish world that might be attributed
to supplement sales or meal sales or if you were in retail it'd be like
getting someone to buy a scarf with the outfit or um just you know
anything along those lines you know getting someone to buy orthotics if
you're in the in the physical therapy space or if you're in the dental
space getting to buy a special kind of extra brace or

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 special toothpaste or whatever or if
you're in the beauty space you know night serums that go with your
service package whatever it is right the point is is that usually
there's going to be you know one or multiple things you're going to want
to go with your core offer all right the reason that this this little
trick i learned from him is so powerful is that it closes like crazy all
right so if you're used to having like 20 30 percent of people take up
sales that is a normal amount where people take up sales and the reason
he gets 90 plus to take his upsells because they don't know they're
being sold all right and so here's the trick and here's how it works and
i mean you can take this to the bank like it works okay and i'll give
you the example uh that they used uh at mano and so somebody would come
in and so every year if you bought a fur coat you would have to store it
right and they made they killed it on storage but anyways so people
would come in so basically they'd sell someone a car essentially because
that's how much a you know a fur coat is they sell someone a car and
then uh every year they would maintain that customer relationship by
getting them to

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 come back in and store their coat uh
during the summer because it's not good to you know keep a really
expensive fur in uh you know the heat or whatever right that's at least
part of the pitch and so uh everybody brings their fur in to get stored
in condition so they brush them you know and i was one of the guys who
was brushing them in the fricking warehouse and like spraying these
things down uh it was my numbing work but i got to learn a lot while i
was there and so anyhow uh we brushed these coats and so one of the one
of the things one of the promotions you ran as an incentive was get a
free pair of uh fur earmuffs uh when you store your coat for winter or
your cup for summer excuse me and so tons of people would come in
because they wanted these true real fur uh earmuffs by bringing it in
and so what ended up happening is david his son would uh the person
would come in and they'd say i want to i would want to do this and can i
get the the fur for emotes and so he would show them the free ear muffs
and then say well um you're

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 like what we're going to do is uh store
and condition your coat you don't want anything else do you uh and they
would say no i don't want anything else but the conditioning was an
upsell right and it's almost even the way i presented issues now it's
like well you're going to store in your condition your code but storing
code versus storing and doing the brush down and doing the uh the
shampooing of the coat is obviously an extra service but it immediately
added a couple hundred bucks to every single coat and they were doing
thousands of codes right and so anyhow uh the point is is that they
would get people to just agree that they don't want anything else okay
so think about how you can use this strategy right there's there's
there's many ways you can use it but the something else is the easiest
that i can ever see right so let's say you say hey like this is what
you're gonna uh this is what you need to take uh for this weight loss
program right these are the four supplements you need to take now you
might have more supplements right and you're like you don't want to buy
anything else do you right and then they're going to

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 automatically a lot of times like you
don't want to buy any more stuff do you and then they're like no no i
don't want to get anything else right and by doing that you
automatically close the sale that you just recommended right and you can
do the same thing uh in a different way which would be like um hey uh
you don't want to pay full retail for that right and they're going to be
like no no i don't it's like cool so you want me to send it uh with this
discount to the you know the address i have on file and they'll be like
okay yeah let's do that right and so by doing that you're getting them
to say uh yes by saying no and the thing is is people are so contrarian
people always feel like they're being sold that you actually use that
psychological like it's subconscious like they can't even think they're
not even making the thought process like they're agreeing because
they're so pre-programmed to try not to buy things that they end up
buying things and so you use that psychological bias to your advantage
it's one of the most powerful techniques i have ever seen in sales most
people get 20 to 30 uptake on their uh upsells if you use an assume
close tactic like

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 this you can literally see 90 plus take
rates on this right and so as a as to to wrap up the story um when uh
they give them the earmuffs at the at the furrier they would they would
they would say well now that you have those uh you're gonna need to to
store those and condition those as well so that'll be you know an extra
whatever and so it ended up happening is that people would get the the
free uh the free earmuffs but you'd have to pay to get a story to
conditions which would cover the cost of so uh it was just kind of
hilarious because what ended up happening is he'd give it to them they'd
have it in their hand and be like well you still need to store it
because you just brought your coat here and you're not going to keep
these out so to be to be congruent with the story of of needing to store
the coats they had to wrap it right underneath the jacket and they would
take both of them into the back and so people would come in they'd get
the ear muffs they'd hold on to them and they put them right back on
their coat and they say hey you don't want us to do anything else
besides you know storing and conditioning do you and they're like no no
i don't know anything else like okay cool well let's get that taken care
of and then they'd

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 expect the code real fast like i want
to take care of this button it's kind of loose want us to sew this
little seam here and be like yeah sure you want anything else to be
right no no and so every time each one of these things they just keep
upselling them but people are so subconsciously wired to try and say no
to upsells that they would say yes by saying no and so you can try and
utilize that in your business i think it works very well with kind of
like hand-to-hand small upsells but a lot of these little small upsells
can be massive profit drivers in the business this is kind of like your
fries and coke situation that i'm talking about here like this is a lot
like you don't make your money on the burger you make your money on the
fries in the cup because there's the high profit margin things even
though it's not the core offer and a lot of times there's huge pockets
of profit that most especially most small business owners especially if
you're running like a brick and mortar uh service business uh that
you're missing out on so um highly recommend using that strategy if
you're like oh man i wish i could use it in my business you can just use
your brain and be creative because uh winners always think man i wonder
how

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 i could use that in my business and
losers think that wouldn't work in my business my business is different
so decide which one you are and then execute accordingly otherwise lots
of love hope you guys have an amazing saturday hope that was value for
you if it is you know drop or tag or like or do all the the fun stuff
and uh i hope to see you on the next podcast all right catch you soon
bye \[Music\] you
