https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgmh7p1s7zs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 and then the second half is how you
manage the sales team so you can get wicked consistent sales on a
monthly \[Music\] basis all right who's pumped about sales sort of
pumped about okay so quick question so i can cater this to you guys um
as i try and tell my team sometimes i'm going to talk fast you can just
listen fast so um who here has one person or less that would mean if you
are selling um doing the majority of the sales in your company can get
hand raised okay so like half okay that's perfect and the other half of
you have a sales team multiple two or more right okay so the name of my
lovely talk um is going to be the closer framework all right and so what
i'm going to do is break this up into two halves the first half is how
you actually manage the conversation that should say work you get the
idea close the framework and

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 then the second half is how you manage
the sales team so you can get wicked consistent sales on a monthly basis
um so first things first who here has ever struggled with inconsistent
lead quality inconsistent cac right you're like i thought i was at a
thousand and now i'm at three thousand my leads are actually my leads
are amazing uh my sales team is under work now they're overworked they
said there's too many there's too few they're not being efficient at
setters anyone dealt with any of that stuff okay cool so um i've run a
lot of sales teams uh b2b we did outsource sales company we would fly
two gyms actually sell for them so we'd fill them up in 30 days with us
actually flying people out and selling so we've done a lot of sales and
this is the simplest framework that you can use um and so this is the
first of the five c's so i try to use markets as 5c so when you go home
you've got 10 c's okay so um the first one it governs the conversation
so that's kind of for everyone who was raised there's kind of more of
you over here we're raising your hands about i've got one person or it's
me this is the governing framework for how you make the conversation see

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 is you clarify why the person is there
all right now when you use this framework everything that's in your
framework has to be a question only do not put paragraphs do not put
statements because they will start reading them they can't think that
way only put questions because they can pause they can ask another
question they can pause they can ask another question and they need no
intelligence to do that which means it's scalable okay so when you're
asking so all of these buckets are the buckets under which you want to
create the framework that you're making your sale so it's like what made
you get on the call what's your goal why is that important to you what
would it look like 12 months from now if this ideal outcome were to be
achieved right those are the clarification questions next you label them
with a problem so what i'm hearing is you've done x y and z and the
missing link has been x whatever is that right yes got it i now have a
problem you now have cancer i can cure it all right next is oh we're
going to overview the pain okay

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 so i'm assuming not the first person
you've come to to try and solve this problem so what have you done in
the past all right i've done x y and z why did that not work for you
obviously it didn't work because they're on the phone with you all right
so you always have that advantage because they're on the phone with you
right now so you're overviewing past pain we call the pain cycle you do
that until they have nothing left and you're like awesome and then you
recap the pain then s you sell the vacation this is the only thing that
your sales people have to actually know there's gonna be three stories
that you're gonna tell them they're gonna be illustrative of the thing
that you were helping them solve so an example would be fitness tuition
fitness nutrition and accountability if i was trying to sell weight loss
right you're usually missing one or two or all three of these things
that's why you weren't successful right you couldn't consistently work
out you couldn't consistently eat the right way or no one was there to
hold you accountable does that make sense yes if you're selling leads it
would be like you need your leads to be exclusive you need them to be
timely you need them to be geographic whatever like you're going to find
three things and you have to give a short 30 second snippet of why
that's

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 important right if i was trying to
illustrate accountability i'd be like hey did your parents ever tell you
to brush your teeth when you grow up you probably hated it you're like
no i don't want to and they kept doing it over time and i'll bet you
brush your teeth now right you need someone to hold you accountable so
you create the habit does it make sense 30 second story they understand
it that's how you sell a vacation all right e explain away their
concerns away concerns blah blah blah you get the point all right that's
where you're doing all of your obstacle overcomes all right crazy people
buy without obstacles normal people have concerns you need to overcome
them these have to be drilled all right they have to be drilled so that
means that you have flash cards like i need to think about it i have to
talk to my husband i have to check with my partner i have to so there's
only three by the way if you don't know what they are it's price it's
stall it's decision maker all right so all you have to do is understand
what each of those three are if it's price it's a description
discrepancy in value they don't understand the value if it's decision
maker what you have to do is rely on past agreements that are implied
that that person has already communicated to the partner

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 so your partner knows that you're
struggling with these things already right they know that you're looking
for a solution right so why do you think they'd be opposed with you
solving the problem that you already know you have that they don't agree
with right overcoming okay those have to be drilled next one um is uh so
we decision maker we did price and stall right all you're doing is
teaching someone to make a decision because people don't like making
them because they fear making mistake right perfect halfway through okay
so what you're going to do is walk them through decision making process
so how do we make decisions either do you do you like me yes or no do
you like the product yes or no do you think that we'll be able to help
you achieve this outcome yes or no do you have access to this amount of
money in your bank account or know someone who does yes or no yes what
card you want to use right overcome you make them confront the decision
all right what's your main concern then they tell you the main concern
you overcome close all right last one is reinforce the decision and i
like doing this and we included it

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 after time is that people back out
right so how can we slam slam it on them how can we get them super
pumped so immediately afterwards that's the 30 second video from the
founder being like hey just saw you sign up for our software super
excited to have you by name personalized head written card t-shirt any
of those things reinforce the decision make their feet nice and hot make
sense that's the closer framework every single one of these buckets has
to be questions that are simple for them to ask all right so when you're
organizing your script this is the conversation we're going through does
that make sense to everybody okay that is the first of the five c's
don't worry the other ones are fast and it's about how you manage your
sales team okay don't worry i'll be fast so that's closer the next one
is don't worry i'm rocking we're good okay the next one i should know
these that's okay okay call recordings and then i'm gonna i'm just gonna
write these down real quick for you so you can write them down comms cut

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 competition okay so marcos is much
smarter than me i think he's like the really classy classy person um
this is like from the streets closing 4 000 people one-on-one sales like
weight loss susie's riding with you know her kids trying to write
permanent marker on the wall and i'm trying to close her credit card all
right so close your sequence is how you manage the framework call
recordings if you're not recording every single call that your your
people are on one you're not compliant two you should do it because then
they become more accountable to following the script all right you also
overview those the tool that you need to use is gong if you if you guys
sell it via zoom it's the best it's all i can say use gong it's amazing
all right comms you need to talk to your team on a regular basis all
right the cadence there is daily huddles weekly 101s and when you do the
and then obviously monthly but the um the daily huddles are quick all
you do is you share testimonials so they remember why they're selling so
they get beat up every single day

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 with knows they need to remember why
they're still doing it all right from the 101s that you're doing when
you're meeting with them you're going to record you're going to have
them tag you in three calls their best call their worst call on their
average call when you go over in the 101s you're going to ask them to
show you where they clarified the problem where they outlined the paint
and then where they asked for the sale and where they overcame
objections if they never clarify the pain and never ask for the sale you
don't make money so that way they always know that on every call you
always ask for the sale you can never make a sale if you never ask for
it all right that's what you from the communication cadence cut you got
to cut the bottom all right it's the number one thing that will drive
sales teams is by cutting the bottom 10 percent you do it on a regular
basis it has to be on a regular basis all right even if the team is
going okay when you cut the bottom you'll see a 30 jump in productivity
every time so if you can have a persistent 30 jump why would you not do
that does that make sense okay competition

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 last point i'm good i got a minute 20.
okay so competition sales people are competitive you have to have a
leaderboard that is published that they can see every single day that
they get notified when every other guy is making a sale if it's super
high volume it could be end of day but when they you've got a bell if
you're in person if you're not in person you have a thread that should
be all the sales guys digging they can literally send an image or a gif
of a bell so it's like ring the bell right so that they know and it says
volume they can see it there's activity there's action right it's all of
momentum so leaderboard that has to be checked every day has to be
updated regularly like that has to be on point and then competitions we
found that six weeks works best um in terms of sending them on like
closers go to vegas or go to the bahamas or whatever it is and so we put
them in three men teams and that tends to work really well because they
they share best practices they continue to work with each other they
root for each other so it's not a cutthroat um it's just always having
top dog um and in terms of how much to spend on that uh 25

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 of one month check is usually the
amount per person that a prize like that would be right so if you guys
make 70 you might spend 1500 bucks to send per guy for like a three day
or like a two day weekend it's not expensive five grand but it is worth
every dollar so to recap if you want really really consistent sales use
the closer framework everything has to be questions do not have
statements have 30-second stories record your calls make sure you're
sticking to the comp cadence cut the bottom percentage and keep it
competitive so they stay in it thank you \[Music\] \[Music\]
\[Applause\] you
