https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsXcCjLtnsA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 would you like to know how to network
with millionaires and billionaires well having now met a lot of uh
billionaires in my life and tried to build my own network of cool and
interesting people um i continue to get questions on this channel about
how to do that and so i wrote down kind of five rules that i have kind
of lived by and you know my wife jokes about this she's like alex is the
networker of uh you know between us and a lot of the things that i've
had happen in my life that have been good have happened as a result of a
conversation or connection that i've had from someone i've met randomly
right and so i think that there's something to be said for having a
deliberate process for networking without seeming like a skis right
which is just like how can i meet cool people and just improve their
lives while also improving my life i know the saying like your net worth
is your network is your net worth i'm not sure how much i believe that
but i do think that a lot of the big things in my life happened as a
result of other people all right so here are the five rules uh that

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 i will share with you that and there's
two of them that are really really good uh number like four and five
that i i highly highly recommend and i don't hear anyone else say all
right so the first one really simple is whenever someone introduces
themselves you always want to make sure that you remember their name
right and so what i do is whenever i shake someone's hand i say their
name and i keep saying it at like the beginning of every sentence i say
um and i do it that way because i want to say it like 10 times
throughout the conversation and it'll stick with me and i'm usually
pretty good at remembering names and people remember that it's the
favorite word in the in in whatever language someone's in their own name
is their favorite word to hear all right and so you want to say it to
them as much as you can because then they will know that you cared and
you gave them respect and made them feel more important all right so
number one is you always remember the name and you say them a lot of
times number two you've got to get the contact info and otherwise like
you know you're not going to actually have the network so what i do when
i get someone's uh contact info is i immediately text them and i text
them some sort of funny anecdote about myself or the conversation we
were just

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 having right and so for me it might be
like i'll say their name and my name in the text because sometimes you
forget to save the contact all right uh so it's like alex from mosey uh
mustache gym guy right or something like that right i would say
something in that in that vein and then i would say uh nice to meet you
and then you know sam gamgee whatever right and so by doing that they
see i see both names are there they know relevant stats about me and if
you want to be extra bonus put their stuff in there too um furniture
dude whatever right and so that way you won you gained rapport with them
early on two you got their contact info and the thing is is when they
look back at that text thread later if you can get them to laugh a
little bit they'll remember oh yeah that was that cool guy or that funny
or you know that that dude was relatively upbeat and pleasant so uh i
would like to contact him again in the future right now rule number
three always provide value first unsolicited all right so this is a key
point if you

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 had a conversation the con the goal of
the conversation should be to figure out how you can provide value to
the person not what that person can do for you all right it's a big one
the goal and if you really want to truly build a great network you have
to give first and you have to give it unsolicited all right so it's like
hey i know you were talking about this i pulled up a bunch of these
suppliers that i've worked with in the past i thought this might be
valuable for you and honestly the more work you do in this unsolicited
give the more people respect you and want to do business with you and
keep you in their lives because you provided value first all right it's
a key point you provided value first sorry about the smudgy weird ass
camera rule number four and this is the biggest one this is like my
biggest secret to uh networking so write this down always say yes to the
first ask all right always say yes to the first ask the reason it's so
important is that people like people aren't going to try a lot of times
to be your friend if you met up at a a at a networking event or you met
at a mastermind or you met it at something right and the neck the first

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 ask be like hey let's touch base next
week on a zoom or hey let's meet up in person or hey i'm in i'm in town
where you're at you want to grab lunch i always do everything in my
power to say yes to the first ass which means that sometimes i'll move
stuff that's already there to accommodate the first meetup all right
because i have learned this and i learned this really early in my life
that people only ask once and most times if you don't get that first ask
they'll never ask you again right and so we want to take advantage of
now if you're on the asking side the key is to ask many many many times
right but if you're on the receiving end say yes to the first ask so the
two sides of that one are say yes to the first ask and if you're the one
who's asking ask multiple times because sometimes life comes up and
sometimes the people uh that will end up being huge players in your life
later sometimes they just get busy and it has nothing to do with you
rule four always say yes to the first ask and rule number five never ask
for anything just don't do it because they'll immediately assume that
you are trying

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 to use them for something all right and
so if anything if you if you need help on something and you're hoping
that someone will help you then what you can do is when you're catching
up you can describe a problem that you're currently dealing with if you
have any level of rapport this person wants to have a continued
relationship with you they will usually offer help to help you out all
right and so what you can do is don't ask them for anything you can
describe a problem that you're dealing with and talk about it and then
usually they will they will make a reasonable ask and this is why giving
first is important because people are reciprocal in nature if you give
and you give well and you give unsolicited early and you never ask for
anything people will find a way to give back to you unless the person
really doesn't want to be your friend in which case you don't need to be
friends with them because at the end of the day if you want to have a
network that you actually enjoy then you want to network with cool
people who you know are reciprocal in nature and want to give back too
so those are the five rules for networking that have served me very well
the last two especially are probably the most important which is never
you know always always say yes to the first ask or ask multiple times if
it's you um and

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 never ask for anything uh inter from
them because then they will always see you as a positive force of giving
that is always just helping them out and they will be more inclined uh
to to to build a relationship with you in the future and want to do
business with you all right so there's the five rules for networking uh
mosey nation uh keep being awesome if you guys don't know who i am uh my
name is oxfosi on acquisition.com with about 85 million a year and i
have nothing to sell you so keep being awesome i make these videos a lot
of people broke and i want to be one of them all right see you next
video bye
