https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGCtZmgJ1JA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 you know a lot of \[ \_\_ \] and like
you've clearly packaged this in really easy to understand ways it's
almost exhausting listening because it's like every it's like when you
read a really good historical book or something it's like every sentence
is packed with a fact you seem like a grinder when you were building
these businesses were you just like doing 80 hour 100 work weeks and
what about now because you're like yolked you're huge you're like a
bodybuilder so so like how did you balance like being fit and getting
married and you but i don't know you well but you seem like you'd be
grinding hard so my wife works in the business with me so we are true 50
50 partners like it's very rare i like i recognize how rare it is she
actually is 100 matched with me and like should just as much be on this
call because she runs the other half like she from a work standpoint she
has more output than i did she is the operator so she builds the
infrastructure she does the recruiting she sets the they are the hr
stuff she does the culture she like she does i mean she runs everything
um i just you know occasionally come up with a good idea and try and
stick with it long enough um to see it come true but in terms of
grinding like i love

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 business like i love this and there's
nothing that really stimulates me like this and so i do as much of it as
i can and if we want to go out to dinner we'll go out to dinner you know
but like worst i was just saying we're single so we don't have kids and
so we work from like five-ish to four and then you know usually in the
middle of the day we'll probably go to the gym for an hour or two and
then come back and keep working and go out to dinner at night and that's
that's kind of our lives you seem pretty um this isn't i would say i'm a
little bit i'm i'm definitely this sean has a little bit of it too like
manic's not the right word but like neurotic maybe is a better word um
where it's like uh there's something that's deep rooted inside of you
it's not like you want to do something necessarily it feels like you're
it's more compulsive or obsessed you're obsessed about stuff which i am
as well if that's true what's that rooted in what are you trying to get
done so i think originally the drive was from just crippling insecurity
and needing approval right and then i think from like a behavioral
conditioning standpoint i got immediate feedback that

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 was positive and then i was conditioned
to continue those actions now i continue to do them without the original
catalyst that got them going to begin with i don't think i suffer you
know from the insecurities as much as i used to i'd say i'm probably 30
better than i was at the beginning and it might just be because i have
this massive big pile of money that i can use as an emotional crutch to
why i'm not a piece of \[ \_\_ \] that would help i'm just being like i
mean and if it were all disappeared i'd find out how much actual growth
i had or if i just compensated by circumstance and you know compensate
for the division yeah i don't know you can send it to me and we'll we'll
find out we'll see let's run the experiment i like so there's the
compulsion and like this last year i pretty much took off like i did not
work that much and so i saw the difference and i have come to accept
that i love working and i don't need to judge myself for that or or take
in other people's judgment on how much i should quote do like this is my
life and this is what i like doing and their ideals that they've
arbitrarily made up as what they define as balance are irrelevant to me
you said you took last

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 year off what'd you do what'd you get
up to um we traveled a lot uh went to cabo went to scottsdale went to
sedona went to flagstaff traveled all over one out felt felt honestly
pretty empty like you can only eat so many times like there's just not a
lot to do it feels good having that rest though like you can't be in the
trenches i think like or rather you need breaks from being at war i
think and maybe even phrasing it i'm just throwing this out there like
phrasing it is instead of a like a break is a shift in how you're
thinking because like it's going from dirt to clouds but i still think
it's high leverage activity you know i mean or like output it's just a
different type of output you said something on one of your videos that
uh you're one of the only other people that i have heard say this phrase
i use it a lot which is yeah i had a season like or this season i'm
doing this or i had a season where i was really just focusing on x and
that's been like a game changer for me my personal trainer and kind of
coach she's like my mindset coach plus trainer he does this all the time
but he's like he's like i'm in a season right now where i'm i'm just uh
he'll be like you know i'm practicing not waiting and he's

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 like he comes up with these little
themes or he'll be like right now i'm in a season where i'm going to eat
whatever i want and it's kind of like in the entrepreneurial world it's
like time boxing's like all right i'm going to give myself two hours to
get this \[ \_\_ \] \[ \_\_ \] done or i'm going to launch in the next
two weeks no matter what right like we i've used time boxing for
productivity and now this season's thing it makes every like decision
you're making less heavy of a commit because you're like it's okay yeah
because there's yeah there's beginnings and ends and this season is
gonna feel a little different just like winter feels different than
summer that's how i use it do you do you use it like that i just noticed
you said that phrase 100 yeah i mean i i think about it in terms of
entrepreneurial seasons and i at least for me might have been like
five-year chunks and so this is gonna be my fourth season and they've
roughly been about the same length so i think that it probably takes me
like three ish years to like really see something through and then two
years to figure out how i'm going to transition from that thing or
realize or mod you know whatever that's right it's kind of like a pe
cycle almost give us kind of like um give us an example of normal like
here's the default way people are doing something

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 and then here's the rephrase of the
reframe that has better results um i would love to get two minutes of
learning sales from alex sure so it's my belief if you look at belford
you look at bradley you look at grant cardone some of the big sales
trainers that are out there almost all of them invariably have the same
story which was i started selling and was the best guy on the team by a
\[ \_\_ \] mile and then i tried to figure out what i was doing and so i
do think that some people naturally based on their childhood their
upbringings their whatever or just have a higher proclivity for selling
which yeah just a gift of gab and and empathy yeah and i think it
carries over into how you recruit for selling too because we built a lot
of sales teams and i actually have a very short allowing for people to
fail at sales cycle probably much shorter than most people and it's just
because i've never had a killer salesperson who didn't do pretty well
the first week and so for me we you know we turn through this quickly
but as a result of that the team is just killers and they know that in
terms of uh sales stuff i think people don't know how people are really
freaked out about the idea of selling and the front part of that is that
i do

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 think that the number one predictor of
good sales is conviction fundamentally you have one person who should
believe in something another person who does not believe it yet and
trust is the thing that transfers that conviction so if fundamentally
there's the two things you need you need trust and need conviction most
times sales people don't have 100 trust sorry 100 conviction and so the
also the idea of conviction as a binary is false so it's not like i
believe it or i don't believe it is to what extent do i believe right
and so that's why like in terms of if i want to improve a sales team i
can do the drills which we do and that's like blocking tackling but the
thing that really juices the sales team is hearing the testimonials of
the people that they sold last week and what they're doing today and how
their lives have changed and so i noticed this because on my sales teams
when we were in person whenever i did weigh out day which is when
everyone finished their challenges and everybody was crying and so
excited i tried to stack as many sales appointments as i could while
people were weighing out and during those days we closed like 100
because people were like dude how can you not think this works it's
right there and so the thing is is like you can either trick yourself
into having the right tone or you can train yourself and i think that
it's much easier to trick

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 yourself into it by just simply
believing because if you talk if you truly believe in the product you
will talk about it differently and so in terms of an understanding of
selling if you need to have conviction you need to have trust trust is
going to come from expertise and some level of rapport right i think
that overarchingly to help someone sell we just have to ask the right
questions to get someone to come to the conclusion on their own and so
most sales conversations follow more or less the same framework if you
know what you're doing otherwise people are just chasing their tail and
trying to chase a prospect to an outcome that the prospect doesn't know
how like we've had this conversation a hundred times they have only had
it once we should be the one knowing how this conversation's supposed to
go right we should also come in with a massive advantage to how to have
this conversation go the way we wanted to because we do it on \[ \_\_ \]
day right and so big front end pieces is like why are they there what's
the problem what have they done so far understanding where they failed
seeing why our product is different from the things that they failed
asking for permission to explain about the product explaining the
product not in any way based on features but

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 only based on the experiences that they
will have as a result of it and using analogies to explain those
experiences and then having a close at the end which the the tick tock i
think that you he references like a no base close and i think a lot of
natural sales people do this anyways like if i want something i might be
like hey can you do this for me i'm like hey would you mind and they say
no they don't i don't mind right like it's natural communication
dynamics that most people who naturally know how to persuade people or
at least influence do that on their own this is just retroactively
looking at it and saying what did i do different like why is this
different in terms of like overcoming because people are afraid of
confrontation right that's what they're afraid of and so i believe that
you can sell without ever having confrontation and you can do that with
what i like to call childlike curiosity and so if someone says well my
husband's not going to approve that i'm like why wouldn't he like huh
that's so interesting tell me more about that rather than like all right
let's like your husband's an \[ \_\_ \] like that's not going to work
because in arguments no one wins right and so you're like why why would
he think that because because i would think that he wants what's best
for you right yeah he wants what's best does he know

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 you're struggling with this right now
well i mean yeah he knows i'm struggling with it okay so he wants a
specialty he knows you're struggling with it so why do you think he
would be opposed of solving something that you're currently struggling
with just so i understand would he be happier if you continue to
struggle well no it's like well great then would you be opposed to
moving forward today and that way and hey if you go home to your husband
and you make a joke in the lightning scenario then you close it right
and so it's i think child like curiosity is the immediate that you have
to train because people get defensive so that is one thing that like
fighters talk about when they're in the ring like in the beginning you
breathe in too much right i don't know if like if you've been like
sparring and stuff like you breathe in you breathe too much you
hyperventilate and so the guys who've done it enough they slow down
their breathing because when they get things get intense they can slow
it down and so i think sales is a lot the same way where you're like
your adrenaline kicks in start breathing faster as fight or flight so
you gotta be able to slow down and be like huh that's crazy i wouldn't
have thought that okay tell me more about that and like now you're
interested and then they don't feel like you're combating them they feel
like you genuinely are interested and want to help them which is what
you should be doing because you

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 should be only if it makes sense you
are full of like interesting insights and like you know a lot of \[ \_\_
\] and like you've clearly packaged this in really easy to understand
ways it's almost exhausting listening because it's like every it's like
when you read a really good historical book or something it's like every
sentence is packed with a fact yeah and it's like oh my gosh like i cuz
i got it i want to pay attention i was like exhausting this is awesome
nation if you enjoyed that video smash the subscribe button and hit the
little notification bell the reason for that is because i don't actually
have a cadence for when i make these videos so if you want to make sure
you don't miss the next one that comes out go subscribe notify and i'll
see you the next one bye
