https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AM\_-lnyY70M

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on guys i'm going to show
you a quick video of how right now i can bill out my house for 10 000 a
day and how you can do the exact same thing so by the end of this video
you'll know step by step how you can get tax-free income by
understanding the relationship between your home and your business so
check this out so right now i've got my team at my house so this is my
physical house you can say hey what's up dudes what's up recording stuff
and um you can use something called the augusta rule which i'll break
down in a couple seconds um on the on the screen so you can understand
how it works but the cool thing is is you can use your home and generate
tax free income for you and a tax deduction for your business so you're
basically double dipping twice and it's with assets you already have so
by the end of this video you're going to have that stuff and you're
going to be able to use it in your own business so if you're a business
owner listen up watch this video to the end you're going to love it and
in the meantime click subscribe before i switch over to the other video
all right welcome back my name is alex ramose i'm the owner of prestige
labs jim launch allen and five other portfolio companies we do about 85
million a year and i have

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 absolutely nothing to sell you and so
the reason i made this channel is to help people who are broke and don't
want to be anymore or people who have lots of money and want more of it
and so that is the entire point of this and so let's rock and roll so
one of the important pieces of you know making and increasing your net
worth is making sure that you keep as much as you possibly can while
you're generating income and i'm not saying you should be one of those
people who's obsessed about it because a lot of times you should put
more of your attention on your business creating value etc but there's
obviously like ways that you can decrease your tax drag right your your
tax inefficiencies i like to call them a lot of times this is just my
overarching strategy that i would say with taxes is that unless you're
moving to puerto rico it's not going to be a silver bullet there's lots
of golden bbs lots of little ways that you can save here and there and
so right now i want to give you one of the easiest tax strategies that
you can use if you're a small business owner pretty much of any kind
like i said earlier in the video it's called the augusta rule okay and
so i'm gonna try and explain this in 60 seconds it'll probably be a
little bit longer but it will be worth every second of it all right so
if you

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 have your house you can rent your house
to your business for employee meetings you can rent your house to your
business for member events so if you have clients or customers who are
flying into town or you want to hold an event or a small mastermind or a
workshop or anything like that at your home you can lease it to your
business on top of that if you do recording like i have i've built out i
put some capital expense into my home which a increase the value of my
house so i get increase in value two i can use that value to lease to my
business at a higher rate than i normally would because a professional
studio ran out per day would be five to ten thousand dollars a day and
it cost me all in to make the studio uh 30 000 for this room and 50 000
for the other room which you'll probably see in other videos and so on
it cost me about 80 000. but here's the cool part the industrial states
that we can lease our home to our business for up to 14 days all right
and so whatever my day rate is that would be fair market i can multiply
that by 14 and i can write myself a check for that provided i've used my
home for that period of time now the reason and

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 when i heard about this i think it was
two or three years ago i went to a mastermind and a guy was like hey i'm
gonna save everybody the entire cost of this mastermind in the next five
seconds and i was like okay i'm taking notes and i took the notes and i
was like that was awesome and so in an effort to disseminate information
to the masses for perspective if you're even making a hundred thousand
dollars a year and you can lease your home to yourself at a fair market
rate of let's say 500 a day or maybe a thousand dollars a day that's 14
000 that you can write yourself as a tax free check and take a deduction
off of your income from the business all right easy strategy and if you
have a cpa which hopefully you do just tell them it's the guest role and
what you plan to do with it and they should be able to walk you through
it from there and so hope you found video value in this video hopefully
i can make you ten thousand twenty thousand hundred thousand dollars tax
free just from watching um and i've got other videos other strategies
about increasing how much you make growing your business increasing your
net worth and ultimately getting the freedom you want so uh check out
those videos click subscribe if you liked it if you didn't like it you
can tell me that i suck and that's cool i'll i'll be okay either way all
right lots of love keeping us we'll see you next video bye
