https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrCt0R3FBFs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's up youtube yesterday over a
thousand of you guys stayed on for an hour as we walked down a private
event speech that i gave and i redid the speech just for instagram live
and youtube for you guys and so we cover in the video is one the content
creation model that we've used to grow over a million person audience
over the last six months number one number two is how to position
yourself in your messaging so you don't sound like a dick number three
the concept behind giving away the good will and then selling the
implementation because a lot of people feel like they have to keep their
their best stuff hidden when the reality is you got to give it all away
and then you'll always get so much more than you think you will number
four was the three traits of ultra successful people that i've seen of
all the people that i know who are worth a billion dollars or more they
have these three traits in common and they're not exactly what i
expected them to be the next one is the best way to scale a sales team
because that was one of the questions i got the chat and i was really
excited to talk about so i broke down the entire process of how we've
scaled the next one is discussion around closing because now we went
from the big team down to like how do i actually get people to say yes
and the three frameworks that i use to walk someone across the finish
line how i deal with failure and then finally i give you a little bit of
a sneak peek on

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 the next book all right so hope you
enjoyed the live from yesterday and i'll see you on the inside i'll give
you guys you guys want the um the skinny the scoop on what the
presentation was if you guys can throw like some hearts or some thumbs
up um okay cool so i'll give you the the kind of the overarching theme
which was uh you know the first third of it i uh you know had to bring
everyone up to speed who didn't know you know what our deal was um but
in the last six months we've grown from like 180 000 person audience
across like all channels to like 1.2 million now um in the last six
months so it's been a lot of growth and i mean no one's experienced it
more than me and so i'm very grateful so that's all you guys so thank
you so much i'm really honored um and so kind of explain that and then
the second portion was kind of like the tactics which is like what do we
actually do to do that and i'll cover that in a second um and then the
third part was my observations on like the things that worked big
picture uh rather than like the blocking and tackling like hacks and
things like that so let's go into kind

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 of section two which is the tactics so
there's kind of a five step process that we've been doing and uh caleb's
been helping me out with this but basically we we test first and so this
works because i used to email myself i don't know if you guys are like i
am i used to email myself like brain dump like if i had an idea on a
conversation or someone and i was like i didn't want to lose it i would
just email to myself and this never ending thread of like me to me i
don't know if you guys have that um and then i would go record content
i'd look at that thing and then i would try and come up with my content
ideas um but what i discovered was i could use twitter as my brain dump
uh and take basically the same amount of time as i would to email myself
with the contacts and whatnot but i could just do it on twitter and then
what would happen is what used to be a private you know communication
became a public thing so i was able to share something that otherwise
wasn't being utilized and then the added benefit was twitter and like
tech talk i would say are similar in that they're very fast testing like
you can post 10 times a day and it doesn't like hurt your account
whereas you know instagram people are like hey man i've seen enough of
your stuff like one post a day is fine or whatever and so on there you
can post plenty of times and

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 then you get to see the engagement
because both of those platforms are very like viral ready it's so easy
to share and whatnot and so from those we see the best performing
content and then that is what i then use to create to basically record
videos off of so tweets turn into videos the threads turn into long
videos the short tweets turn into shorts and then that becomes from
there we record those things step three is we add call to actions to
them which is something that we actually just recently started doing so
you'll probably see it more on these videos and stuff in the future um
but we just started doing it to my podcast if you haven't checked that
if you are an audible person or an audio person uh the game podcast if
you didn't know we have a podcast um has uh just grew from like 20 000
downloads a month to 400 000 downloads a month which is like insane so
you guys are awesome i love you i'm glad that it's providing value um
but the biggest thing that we did to get the growth was um literally
just

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 saying like hey if you like this like
leave a review and share fred share a friend share our friend um and so
so we start so we started doing that and then that's what everything
just blew up which makes sense because like the book for example had a
ton of virality to it because there was call to actions embedded within
the book and so we just took like what we already know works within
business we need to be reminded more than we need to be taught um and
just applied it to something that i'm not as familiar with like i don't
consider myself like a content creator like i you know we do business
stuff and like we try and capture as much as we can and so um doing that
uh we started interjecting in three places the beginning the middle and
the end and if it's longer you can do a couple mid roles um and so what
we did to operationalize that was we took like what are all the call to
actions you would have right because you want to always be the same
thing because some people get like banner blindness so it's like for me
it's like you know hey check out the book it's 99 cents you can go
download it you're like go check it out it's got five thousand five
stars like people seem to like it uh you know hey leave a review that
would be awesome uh you know tag me in this uh or send this

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 to a friend so it'd be a share ask um
hey if i have an event coming up which i don't but if i had an event
coming up or if i was like hey i'm gonna do a workshop with like you
know five entrepreneurs over you know a million bucks a year if i then i
would just point people to something like that um if you had a lead
magnet that would be one of those things and so you get the idea like
whatever wherever you want to direct traffic that would be the call to
action but here's the here's the shtick or here's the thing that the
nuance that made it work is that rather than just doing one do like five
for each one of them and then you've got like 30 of these that you can
sprinkle in and then they seem really organic and because i i'm doing
them really short they're only like you know five or ten seconds they
don't they're not like these three minute long ads that everyone wants
to kill themselves and just immediately skip skip skip skip shift until
they get to the end of the ad right and so it's like little call to
actions that are small enough that people actually hear them and
different enough that you don't get like audioblindness and so that was
uh step three step four was contextualized and so what i did in the
presentation i showed this image you guys remember the meme that was
like uh dolly parton was that she started it said like me on facebook me

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 on tinder me on instagram you guys is
this cool you guys like otherwise i'll just be ranting on my own okay
cool do you guys want me to do more of this because caleb is we have a
bet i'm i was like no one's going to show up and if someone showed up
then i would lose the bet which is probably a very one-sided bet i
should not have taken um but anyways so dolly parton uh there's tinder
linkedin all that stuff right so that was the meme and so if you look
and i have this visual if you look at a lot of my tweets a lot of them
became tick tocks and then from that short tick tock i have a youtube
shorts version and i have an instagram version and the thumbnail and the
text are contextual to the platform and so you guys have probably seen
people who like take a tick tock and then just like post it the same
thing with the tic toc watermark on instagram or they take the same tick
tock watermark and they put it on youtube shorts and they have the same
like caption and whatnot around it and same thumbnail i think that
people feel that like you didn't take that extra little bit and this
could be me judging i don't know

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 i'm just sharing what worked for us um
and so we try to make it contextual to the platform and i think that's
been helping um and so that's step four so test on twitter record shorts
as short as long as longs add the call to actions to drive the action
drive the action drive the actually looking for it drive the traffic
wherever you want uh four is you um contextualizes the platform that
you're distributing on and then step five is to actually distribute it
and this is the this is the little little lesson that i learned and so i
shared this i think on my youtube channel but i had a conversation with
cardone i don't know six months ago and this is actually what was
probably the big impetus excuse me catalyst for for this happening for
me ramping up everything we said he said look at your instagram bro look
at my instagram and i was like okay and he's like volume bro he's like
i'm posting five times more than you are and he said look at your
twitter look at my twitter look at your youtube look at my youtube and
it was just such a stark contrast in terms of the amount of content that
he was putting out compared to me and then it became really obvious and
so what ended up happening is we went from posting seven times a week
which was three youtube videos a week

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 which three podcasts a week and one
instagram post that was all i was doing and we went from seven times a
week to 80 times a week across all platforms and so it was a 10x
increase in content but here's what's interesting we didn't get a 10x
increase in quantity we got a 10x increase in growth rate so the actual
net result went from 180 000 which had taken us 12 months to build to
getting to 1.2 million in six months of building and so the rate of
growth 10x and so literally the input was equivalent to the output in
terms of the the equivalence between those things so right now if you're
thinking yourself man i would love to grow ten times faster so whatever
your growth rate is on a new platform if you're thinking about it i
could i will bet you i don't know if it'll be a dollar to dollar
increase or a one to one increase but i'll bet you if you do more you
won't get less and so that's you could take that promising back um and
so uh when i started doing that that's when we saw this explosive growth
and the thing

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 is is i told this other story that
hopefully you guys won't mind me sharing with you you guys cool just
getting like some of the the nuggets from uh the event cool okay um i uh
i had a mentor really early on when i had my gyms that told me to start
putting flyers out right and so i put so i listened to him and i put
flyers out and i waited a few weeks nothing happened i went back to
lunch with him and i was like hey we did the flyers thing um it didn't
work uh he was like what do you mean i was like well i mean one guy
called me but he's because he said i dinged his car uh it was a mercedes
and i just tried to talk to him really nicely and get him off the phone
um and uh he's like what was your test size i was like what do you mean
he was like well how many did you put out oh i put 300 up it's like 300
well yeah it's like dude i don't even test for less than 5 000 flyers i
was like oh well that explains it he's like and then we do 5000 a day
once we have a winner it's like oh and so that wasn't even like 2x or 5x
or 10x it was 20x

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 and that was a per day not in total so
if you did at the end of that month you would have put up a hundred and
fifty thousand flyers and i put up three hundred and so i'm looking at
the difference in results between this really successful business person
to myself and i miss mistakenly thought that the issue was the strategy
rather than the execution and so one of the number one things that i
feel like i get in my dms all the time is like hey i've been doing the
rule of 100 and you guys don't know what that is it's my like little
stick for if you do 100 primary actions a day to promote your business
or make your products and services known you will get more business
which means if you do 100 cold calls you do 100 cold emails you do 100
dms whatever that is you do 100 of that primary action per day or if
it's ad spend spend 100 a day um whatever it is or you do 100 a week if
it's actual organic content i promise you you will have more business
than you know what to deal with your problem will not be demand
generation it will be satisfying the demand that you have to handle and
so the thing is is that people hear that they hear the rule of 100 and i
had a guy literally message me and said hey

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 i've been doing the role 100. i just
crossed 100 i started eight weeks ago i was like what do you mean you
started eight weeks ago and you crossed a hundred it's like well i mean
i've done a hundred you know reach outs over the last eight weeks i was
like bro uh so 7 times 8 is 56 times 100 should have been 56 000 reach
outs in that same period of time and hopefully you're catching the drift
here that it's not these like 2x 3x increases in volume it's typically
multiple orders of magnitude it's not 10x it might be 100x or 300x in
the case of the flyers or 56 000 versus 100 in that same period of time
and the issue is that most people dramatically underestimate how much
effort is required to achieve goals that are dramatically above what the
norm is experiencing and so it's like right now if you're getting normal
results it's usually because you're putting out a normal level of output
which is almost non-existent because everyone's so afraid of someone
leaving a mean comment the amount of bean comments that i get is
unworldly the amount that it influences me because i it is is love um
and that's variety

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 reason to get into uh it's mostly
because i love you guys you guys are awesome so you guys have you guys
bury those comments and so mosey nation you guys rock thank you again um
and so that was section two of this thing you guys want to hear section
three i can give you guys the stick okay so section three the
consolidated version of this and i'm still like working on it so this
was like the thing that made this uncomfortable for me because i think
if i were to redo the entire presentation the entire presentation would
have been section three altogether and it just would have started there
and then gone down because everything that i shared with you although
it's incredibly important probably lacks the one thing that i think
matters most which is that most people are talking about \[ \_\_ \] that
they have not done and the way that they talk about it makes people hate
them let me explain so if i said for example let's say all right let me
just let me try and paint it differently so let's see that you're you're
on your newsfeed who here sees people shaking their finger and

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 telling them what they should do on
their newsfeed all the time right plenty of people now how how many
times have you gotten you know seen the 18 year old relationship coach
uh who's on your news feed trying to sell coaching for relationships
right the dating expert that's 21 years old right have you guys seen
this can i get like some hearts or some thumbs going if you guys have
seen this right it's ridiculous why is it ridiculous because there's an
unspoken question that must always be answered in my opinion which is
why should i listen to you and so i think the common reason that people
are not experiencing the growth and the brand and the authority that
they wish to build is because they're trying they're putting their
ladder against the wrong wall they're trying to build something that
they do not have the authority to presume and so for example if you
wanted to build a business brand right if you look at the biggest
influencers in the business space so you look at andy frasella you look
at garyvee you look at patrick but david if you're a youtuber you look
at

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 you look at uh you look at ed milette
right you look at these guys a really important question is how many of
them needed the social media following they have in order to make the
money they make none and so they have the authority to talk about
business because of the \[ \_\_ \] they have already done and so it's
kind of like and i hear this all the time it's like man my content's so
much better than that guys i can't believe people you know share that
kind of stuff if elon musk tweets i'm on the the porcelain throne right
now it'll get 500 000 shares and it's not because of the content it's
because of the frame and the brand that is wrapped around that message
it's because elon said it that made it important right and so the idea
is it's very difficult to deliver theoretical knowledge on business
without having the proof or the evidence to substantiate the theoretical
knowledge you're claiming to have because it doesn't pass the litmus
test of like why should i listen to you why should i listen to the ten
thousand dollar a month business coach why wouldn't i listen to tom
billy

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 because we were like well i'm making
the same stuff as tom and i'm like yeah you are i was like except you're
missing the one thing where you build a billion dollar brand small thing
that you're missing right where you've got the the stay-at-home wealth
coach right that's talking about how you should dollar cost average into
the stock market and being like dude i'm giving way better advice than
warren buffett is and maybe maybe you're saying the exact same thing as
warren buffett it's not fair that warren buffett gets all this media and
you don't except for the fact that he's built a hundred billion dollars
in net worth and made so many people wealthy through berkshire hathaway
like there's just that that little itty bitty wrinkle that's missing and
so if that sounds hopeless to you there is good news so the point is is
that first identify if you're doing that if you are probably stop the
second thing is that you change the way you speak all right and so
changing the way you speak comes in terms of how you talk and what
you're talking about so that what you're talking about the way to be
unfucked with the ball so that people can't shoot you down who can't
give you hate is by saying

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 listen i don't know this is just what
i did and this is what worked for me this time i hope it serves you
versus this is what you need to do to get what i have or this is what
you need to do in order to do x it's the difference between how to to
how i so you start your message with how i built a 13 million dollar a
month company not how you can build a 100 million dollar company it's
minor but it's huge right it's kind of the difference it's almost like
the difference of saying like hey you want to buy my \[ \_\_ \] versus
hey do you know anybody wants to buy my stuff it's these tiny tiny
little pivots in language that that have deep implications behind your
intention of how you're speaking to them when you say you should or how
to you're presuming a place of authority that you may not have earned
whereas if you're always coming from the place of like i had oatmeal for
breakfast right no one's gonna object with you on that you're like i had
oil for breakfast but if you say

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 you should have oatmeal for breakfast
if you want to look like me how much more do you hate me now a lot and
it's just a difference in language and so the idea is that we change the
way we talk and what we talk about and so rather than talking about the
general ideas of an industry which we probably don't have the authority
to presume because we don't have the experience the depth of experience
to make sure that our assumptions are valid across the sizes of business
because you may make an assumption and you make a statement that works
for a 10 000 a month business and then everyone else is like well i can
think of a hundred ways that's wrong and then you look like an idiot but
if you say hey this is how i've gotten to ten thousand a month i hope
this is helpful for you no one's like \[ \_\_ \] that guy that's not how
he got to ten thousand a month because they don't know they can't they
can't they cannot challenge your experience and if you want to make a
pivot on that you can say hey this is what i've been doing with john and
jim and casey and sarah to help them with their skin care condition to
help them with their home remodel to

19 00:18:00.000 --\> 00:19:00.000 help them with their xyz so i hope it
helped you out because this is the frame we made for them and they
seemed to think it was useful so i just wanted to share with you guys if
you if you speak from that perspective it's speaking from experience
rather than theory and most people who are talking right now are just
taking garyvee's content taking other people's content diluting it
watering it down and then delivering it from a position of weakness
because you don't have the brand and you don't have the authority you
don't have the expertise or the experience real or imaginary to make
these claims and so i think the heart of the issue is not i mean sure
there's the blocking attacking of the volume and the distribution and
contextualize the content all that kind of stuff right there's all of
that and for sure you have to do the doing it has to gets done but the
heart of it comes down to talking about things that you have the
authority to speak over and it reminds me of a speech from morpheus from
the matrix where he stands up and i think it's in the second or third i
can't remember and he and he stands up and he says i stand here
truthfully unafraid he said not because of the path that lies before me
but because of the path that lies behind me because no one can

20 00:19:00.000 --\> 00:20:00.000 question the things that you have
already done no one can question the experience that you've amassed even
if it's this big and the thing is is it's about it's about doing the
first step and then talking about what you just did and what you just
learned and then taking the next step and then talking about what you
did when you just learned now the the maximized version of that is
having a caleb behind the camera and and miked up all the time so we can
capture that's gonna we're gonna be making more stuff for you guys on
that because you guys asked for it and we're building the team to try
and deliver that for you guys um but that takes time and it costs money
to do that so i get that and so i think that just doing the doing and
then talking about what you did is one of the simplest way to document
the lessons learn how you progress and grow over time and as a total
side note if you like want to check this out if you go on my podcast
which is actually the oldest platform i've been on by the way i have
like four i mean almost 400 episodes on there you can go back six years
ago and listen to the difference in terms of like what i was talking
about then and what i'm talking about now and part of the reason that we
document the stuff the mission the

21 00:20:00.000 --\> 00:21:00.000 business for acquisition.com is the
document to share the best practices of building world-class companies
is that it how shitty is it that jeff bezos doesn't have a vlog of him
being like day 37 at amazon you know trying to trying to get these books
shipped out you know had some shipping issues today but you know going
to get after it tomorrow like how invaluable would it be if we could
look back at jeffy b's you know library of content and see him build one
of the biggest companies of all time same with steve jobs same with elon
musk right and so i was my hope is that you know we get to a billion and
beyond and i i hope that because i want to have the journey documented
with the lessons that i learned along the way and the the shifts in
belief like earlier today i got asked by somebody who's listened to all
my podcasts they're like hey podcast 86 which by the way is four and a
half years ago they're like you said this thing and i was like you know
i think i've shifted my understanding of that and so i was like there's
more nuance to it and so it's really cool for yourself to document these
things and when you do do it from that perspective which is to do

22 00:21:00.000 --\> 00:22:00.000 it for yourself to do it because you
believe it should be made because you want to add to the body of
knowledge rather than preach to somebody to do it not because you want
to feature ego because you want to feed the audience if you can do it
from that perspective then i think the audience can feel the intention
and so that kind of leads to what i would consider to be like probably
one of the later points in the in the presentation which is the whole
concept around giving which is first off humans are exceptionally good
at sniffing out intention and i think that's evolutionary and deeply
wired in us because we have to know when we're getting double crossed we
have to know and try and be able to guess if someone's lying to us and
so we're actually very very good like even people who have like
necessarily like lower iqs or lower processing power still can have
exceptionally good ability at sniffing out lying and sniffing out in
tension just sniffing out like into ill will and so because it's
evolutionary if you weren't able to do that you get double crossed you
get your coconut stolen right and so we have this really innate very
tuned instrument inside of us that can hear attention in tonality and
micro expressions and so i don't think you can

23 00:22:00.000 --\> 00:23:00.000 fake it i think you just have to truly
shift your perspective so that you can live in that way authentically
which is to actually believe that if you give to your audience over a
long enough period of time you will reap higher rewards and so i want to
be clear since day one i've always been in it to make money but i think
that the vehicle that we use to make money is a longer game and i got
asked on i think evan carmichael the only other time i've been on
instagram live was like hey man why are you one of the good guys who
like why haven't you like sold out or whatever and i was like well first
off i want to be clear we're equating selling with bad which i would
never do um number one number two is that i'm absolutely a capitalist
and long-term greedy it's just that i think that me working with
companies thinking about my unique skills of getting someone from three
to thirty three to fifty million is more valuable for me to work with a
handful of people just everyone else stuff for free so that they can get
to the level that i can then work with them right rather than trying to
build a massive infrastructure around you know

24 00:23:00.000 --\> 00:24:00.000 helping tens of thousands of people
try and consume the content when i can just give it to them for free
right which leads to another big point that i have around this at least
a belief that i have which is give away the secrets sell the
implementation and so a lot of people have info behind walls and that's
fine i'm not saying there's anything wrong with that but the real value
add for the service is the implementation the accountability the
troubleshooting and the perspective from which to solve the problem so
i'll give you an example so let's say you want to get better at sales
right so i could make tons of sales content if i wanted to and then
people be like wow this guy's really good at sales because i give away
all the secrets right but they might consume it and be a little bit
better but they would be even better if they had a coach who's like
listening to their calls and seeing like see right here you paused and
then she lost trust with you or hey see how here you should have made
this into a question rather than making a command and if you did that
you could have sold more off your back foot than your front foot right
or like dude you missed report in the first two seconds because you said
this instead of this right and then the whole call has been off since
then or she said this objection early on and then you didn't

25 00:24:00.000 --\> 00:25:00.000 catch it so she just detonated it in
the sale and you should have confronted that earlier right and so if you
if you don't have the perspective from which to get better at the skill
because you already only have your baseline skill set because you can't
it's very difficult to self-appraise that is where having coaches
mentors people who are better at teaching the skill comes into play and
so you give away the secrets to prove you are good because here's the
here's the flip side people were like what if what if i what if i give
away all these secrets and everyone consumes them right what if you give
away a whole bunch of \[ \_\_ \] and everyone consumes it which one do
you think you're gonna make more money on people make their purchasing
decisions based on the value they've already received not the value that
they're going to receive like it's a really big point that took me way
too long to learn one of the strongest persuasive powers in existence is
reciprocity if people get something they feel almost like it's like sick
to their stomach they have to give something back right it's just most
people are like it's not everyone there

26 00:25:00.000 --\> 00:26:00.000 are some crazies out there for most
humans because all of our civilization has been based on this concept of
reciprocity right and so you can force reciprocity in your direction by
just jamming so much good will and so much value down someone's throat
that they just feel like they have to vomit back on you in terms of
value because they're so full on value they're like getting drunk with
the value that you're providing for them and so when you do that it
results in a sale and i'll tell you one of the lessons that i learned
later this has just at least been true for me is that the end of your
value ladder of the ascensions that you can create for a customer is
predicated on the last thing that you provided that was in excess of
value from what you charged so if you think about the first thing you do
is your content is free it's worth more than what you're giving because
you're giving away everything and so then they purchase the first thing
and if that first thing let's say is a thousand dollars but it makes
them ten thousand dollars they're like well \[ \_\_ \] yeah what else
you got you're like well i got a ten thousand dollar thing and they're
like i'm in and then they make 100 and they're like dude what else you
got you're like i got a hundred thousand dollar thing and this is the
part where people \[ \_\_ \] up is that

27 00:26:00.000 --\> 00:27:00.000 the hundred thousand dollar thing they
get a hundred thousand dollars of value and then what they have done is
now they have now completely squeezed the price to valley discrepancy
and what they have is not a a raving customer but a satisfied customer
and then that is where the customer relationship ends and so the idea of
being able to consistently and always have more demand than you can
fulfill is predicated or is based on the ability to always provide not
just a little bit more but significantly more than you are charging for
and so there's two ways of doing that one is you can decrease your price
to the point where it's basically nothing and so if you give anything
over nothing it seems more which is what is kind of the premise around
free content but the thing is is that free content does have a cost it's
just not monetary it's time and attention how many people do you know
who make content and they get no \[ \_\_ \] engagement on it it might be
you you might be that person why do you think that is because the price
of free is still not worth it real \[ \_\_ \] right and so the idea is
like if you are in

28 00:27:00.000 --\> 00:28:00.000 that situation you make this free
content you say content doesn't work and so you keep putting out
shittier and shittier content because you keep saying that it doesn't
work i think if you can flip the script and say hey what if i made all
of the stuff that i have that's free more valuable than what my
competitors are currently charging for what if i make my free stuff
better than their paid stuff and if you really truly try and do that not
just like say that but live that look at think about all the
deliverables that happen think about all the the checklist and the and
the cheat sheets and the visuals and the videos and the in-depth
trainings that you would provide if you were to try and get your course
and what if you just gave that away what happens if someone makes 100 a
month using your free stuff they \[ \_\_ \] want to give you money to
buy more from you reciprocity and so as long as the next thing that you
have can provide even more value because probably if you were able to
help them make a hundred thousand dollars off of your free stuff you
probably have enough expertise to help them make a million dollars right
and so that's the idea here is

29 00:28:00.000 --\> 00:29:00.000 like how can we provide so much value
and access that they want to continue to buy from us over and over and
over again right that's the that's the stick and so when we're chunking
back out to this right i said in the beginning we've got our our five
method right we can test we test the right stuff then we uh record the
stuff then we add call to actions to the stuff so we direct the traffic
where we want we contextualize it to platforms and then we increase our
volume that's the tactics the heart behind it is that we think i will
only talk about the things that i know of that no one can question i
will talk about how i did something not how to do something i'll talk
about what my clients did not what you should do and i will base that
from a perspective of i will try and give away as much as humanly
possible so much so that it makes me sick to my stomach and i'm very
afraid of the amount of value that i'm giving because i know that based
on reciprocity if i give more value out there i will get more in return
because you can give at scale with content so think about this if it
costs you the same amount to

30 00:29:00.000 --\> 00:30:00.000 provide value in a video to one person
as it does to provide value to a million people who watch a video just
think about it conceptually it costs you no more effort to do that but
the beautiful thing with technology is that there's still only one of
you to receive from everything that you did on a multiple with leverage
at scale like i don't know if you can see this visual but you do one
level of effort one input and technology amplifies it to everyone but
then it all has to come back into one which is you and so you could this
is how you can amass significant wealth like this is how it works so
caleb asked me the other day he's like dude people say leverage all the
time he's like what does leverage even mean this is what leverage means
leverage means the ratio between inputs to outputs in a system and so if
the input that we have is time or money if we have something that has
lots of leverage it means we get a huge multiplier effect if i put one
unit in i get 10 units out i get 100 units out that is a high leverage
activity or

31 00:30:00.000 --\> 00:31:00.000 system and so the aggregation of
wealth for people who have money is a function of understanding time
because wealth is based on the fundamenta fundamental unit of money
money is a foundational unit of time why because you can trade them back
and forth everybody here can trade their time for money it's a it's an
even exchange system and so here's what's interesting everyone can trade
time for money but you can trade some time for more money right and so
what we're doing when we gain leverage is we're looking at and this is
the people who are the wealthiest is that they have control over their
time so that when they do give it they get the most out of it right and
so the game of business to aggregate wealth is to play with higher and
higher and higher amounts of leverage over the one thing that we all
have the same amount of which is time and so mastering that is the key
to becoming wealthy so you you master your time in order to master your
money and so there's two components to mastering time you have mastery
of time which

32 00:31:00.000 --\> 00:32:00.000 comes down to the micro which is the
day to day the speed of activity and i can tell you right now if you
talk to somebody you say hey we should do this thing right and then boom
they've got this organized they've already done two or three messages
and then like it's getting done tomorrow i guarantee you that that
person is going to be more wealthy because they have a micro mastery of
their time right on the map actually i'm gonna explain that even a
little bit further so think about this from from an organizational
perspective imagine that the default time period that you use to get
something done is let's say a week let's say that's just the unspoken
default that's the cultural default of like hey we need to start this
project hey can you get this this thing to me they said cool i'll get
you by end of week right end of week that's d500 is okay with that right
but let's say because you want to become a master of wealth and you
understand that time is huge is one of the is one of the biggest
components of wealth you then say no guys the new default is end of day
for all activities unless stated otherwise that becomes the new norm and
so let's say that this project that we had originally has several back
and

33 00:32:00.000 --\> 00:33:00.000 forth interactions they give something
to you it takes a week you get them something back it takes a week to
take a week take a week take weeks the whole thing takes seven weeks
right now imagine it was end of day the same output happens in one
seventh of the time because we both get a dumb end of day next day two
things happen next day two things happen next day two things happen and
then boom the project's done what took two months takes somebody else
four days and when you multiply that effect over a year over a decade
that is when you see the outsized returns in wealth and money because of
mastery on the micro of time the second component of time is the macro
perspective of time which is are all of the activities acting in
alignment with my overall goal and do i believe that they can compound
on one another are they directionally aligned over a decade over three
decades so that i can have a compounding effect leverage in action over
a longer period of time so that my input is is far less or my output far
outweighs the input that i did

34 00:33:00.000 --\> 00:34:00.000 because i let time work as an asset
rather than a liability most people's plans when you add time get worse
what you want to do is play games where if you wait you win and so those
are the games that we want to set up and those are the games that the
people who are truly wealthy understand and so i can tell you having
dealt with people who make significantly more money than me their
mastery of the micro of understanding how speed moves things forward
because on a macro scale of getting things done day day day day day day
rather than week week week week means that at the end of the year they
have 40 times the output and people are like that's not fair said life
was supposed to be right and so this micro kind of exchange that happens
there gets enhanced and magnified and people get upset about it but the
thing is is you can either decry the system and hate on it or you can
accept it for what it is and just choose to play the game and win the
way you want to if that's what you want and so as the micro and then
from the macro perspective like i was saying earlier is

35 00:34:00.000 --\> 00:35:00.000 that the biggest shift that i see in
people who are wealthy is that they talk in decades not days and i can
tell you based on the time period that someone talks in when they talk
about their plans how wealthy they are or to be fair how wealthy they
will be and so if you have truly realistic plans that you're like this
is what's gonna take me about 10 years if you hear someone say that i
can tell you that they're going to be successful and if you can shift
your perspective to that where you actually start planning and like okay
it would be unreasonable that if i did this for 10 straight years that i
wouldn't be significantly wealthier than i am today so that's what i'm
gonna do and then having the singularity of mine to not get distracted
and so there's three things they did a research study on this i found
this interesting hopefully it will too actually you guys digging this
because i was this you guys good digging um and if you want throw some
questions in there uh because i'll wrap up my little my little my little
diatribe here um

36 00:35:00.000 --\> 00:36:00.000 there's three things that they found
that made people who were ultra successful and ultra successful i i wish
i had the definition for what they define as ultra successful but we'll
just leave it at that they said they have a superiority complex and they
think that they are in some way better than other people and deserve
more than others number one number two they have massive insecurity and
fear of failure they they never think that they will measure up or be
good enough interesting paradox and then number three is they have
impulse control and so think about this from a bigger picture
perspective they have the superiority conflict so they believe that they
can accomplish these amazing things like how like some people if you
tell them your goals they'll say how dare you think that way how dare
you believe that you could accomplish something like that and so it
takes a little bit of delusion in order to think i'm gonna make an
iphone whatever the \[ \_\_ \] that is i'm gonna put a computer in
everyone's hand in the world i'm gonna do that right most people think
it's hubris and the only thing that separates genius and insanity is
what happens is

37 00:36:00.000 --\> 00:37:00.000 outcome right and so they have this
this vision of where they want to go and they believe they can do big
stuff number one number two they have this fuel that they push away from
from always feeling they'll never be good enough right that's what
drives them towards this this outcome and the number three and this is
the big one this is the one that everyone messes up is they have the
impulse control to stay focused on it and not let shiny objects distract
them even though there's another opportunity comes up two years in
they're like no if i keep doing what i'm doing and i follow the plan
that i set i will be it would be unreasonable that i do not achieve the
goal that i have could this help maybe but even if i don't do that i
will still get there and i would rather take the get rich for sure than
get rich quick way every day and most people this is my finding at least
if you were to sit down with someone and say here's a contract you sign
here and you're going to live on 30 000 a year for the next five years
but at the end of that five years you'll be able to make a million
dollars a year

38 00:37:00.000 --\> 00:38:00.000 most people would sign that contract
but they don't live like they would sign that contract and so if you can
and the reason that that contract works is because it delays the
gratification it it separates the i'm going to have the cookie today
from i want to have a six-pack for life right it's the i will suffer for
this long period of time i will make the hundred dials i will make the
hundred pieces of content a week i will spend 100 a day on advertising
and sacrifice my lifestyle in order to learn not to get rich but to
learn the skills that will make me rich eventually and i know that if i
accumulate these skills because i'm dedicated to that and i'm willing to
sacrifice more than other people to achieve my dreams and i'm gonna i'm
gonna put a pit on this real quick because i think this is real how many
of you to save humanity would sacrifice your life like throw a like a
like or a thumbs up or something like that like how many of you guys
attack like would give your life for maybe even your country right a lot
of people would do that a lot of our military do we appreciate that you
serve

39 00:38:00.000 --\> 00:39:00.000 like how many people would do that or
save your family pause why is it that that is more important than your
dreams because i was asked in an interview a few days ago why were you
willing to sacrifice so much and i feel like the better question is why
are people not willing to sacrifice anything it's like if you're willing
to sacrifice your life give the ultimate price for a country or for
whatever why would you not give at least that much to realize the
potential that you believe you have and so that's for me why the
sacrifices never felt like sacrifices they felt like trade-offs and for
me they were trade-offs they were prices i was willing to pay and so
it's like if there was a pair of shoes that i wanted it was 500 and i
bought them and someone's like don't you feel guilty about spending 500
i would say no that was the price and i was willing to pay because i
wanted the shoes

40 00:39:00.000 --\> 00:40:00.000 period and so if there's a price tag
that we can ascribe to our dreams or to the potential that we believe
that we have which is what we want to pay down as regret in the future
for not having it if you read the price tag and it says you know
football with the boys dodgeball during the week you know drinking a
couple of nights some a little bit groggy if that's the price tag is
that a price i'm willing to pay and i think if you are you'll get
significantly closer to what you're trying to do and so that was uh that
was the the general gist of the uh of the chat that i had not chat it
was a presentation at the best do you guys like that was that cool i
didn't get a little bit of recap and this is not the normal style it's
the first q a q a ever you can thank caleb hopefully i won the bet and
he's he's not told me that anyone actually is live so i could just be
ranting at the uh iphone but if you guys have cues or a's about any of
that stuff um let me know in the chat and uh caleb will read them out to
me and then uh we'll uh

41 00:40:00.000 --\> 00:41:00.000 rock and roll from there a common
question we got is what would be your number one tip for building a
sales team okay number two for building a sales team is hire a very good
sales manager that's a that's a very serious answer hire somebody who's
already built a sales team that's the the real answer the second and
much harder answer is learn to sell yourself learn to sell the product
um train the next person to manage the product read books on sales
management which comes down to communication cadence and managing uh a
training process a recruiting process and then a management process so
there's three big things that have to happen in the sales team you have
to recruit the right talent which by the way let me save you a lot of
time it comes down to much more of the picking than it does to the
training right because it's much easier to take somebody's naturally
graded baseball and get them better than get somebody who has zero eye
hand coordination and trying to get them to become a pro you can it'll
take you three times as much time to get someone from a 205 then it
takes someone to take a seven to a nine all right so number one is being
able to spot your town and recruit them onto your team number two is the
training component

42 00:41:00.000 --\> 00:42:00.000 which is you need to get as
specialized as humanly possible and here's the key point that i think
most people mess up in their sales training they focus on the product
not the prospect so the whole time they're trying to educate their team
on the bells and the whistles and the things and the differentiators
between them in the competition well most of the time the other people
have on the phone don't even know the competition number one number two
they don't even understand the features because they don't understand
the problem and so what we should be talking about is why are you here
what problem are we solving and then we should have very deep context to
what are the common issues that the prospect is suffering from because
at the end of the day the more accurately you can depict the pain
someone is experiencing the more you can enter the internal conversation
and dialogue that's happening in their mind the more they will believe
whatever you have next and so if i can perfectly describe what your
situation is right now just imagine that i was able to describe your
life and the things that you suffer from right now perfectly if i said
if i just described it all to you be like geez it's like this guy like
knows everything i'd be like and that's why i think you're a good fit
for the program i wouldn't even need to tell you about the program
because you'd be like geez i mean if he understands my problem

43 00:42:00.000 --\> 00:43:00.000 that well then i'm sure the solution
will work and so that's why also from a flexibility standpoint if you
train your sales team on the prospect you can swap products out as as
needed but the prospect will probably not change and so when we're
training so first we recruit the right people we pick right right so the
uh the the championships are one in the draft right not not in the
offseason number two is that we train around the prospect on the product
and number three is that we manage around the values of the team in the
headspace and we manage towards one key thing which is conviction
because if you have somebody who's been recruited well and they've been
trained on the pains of the prospect the only reason someone's not going
to be able to sell is because they lack conviction something happened
they got a text they got a call somebody's complaining about something
and all of a sudden their conviction drops and you can see this because
if someone was hot and then goes cold it's not because they don't know
how to sell because they were hot they already know how to sell it's
because they stop feeling motivated to close and so when someone gives
them the initial objection they shrink away because they don't believe
that they're

44 00:43:00.000 --\> 00:44:00.000 really helping the person and so then
they don't want to push any further because i can tell you let me say
this imagine imagine you went back in time and you were going to talk to
your old self from 10 years ago right and you wanted to say hey there's
this thing called bitcoin you should get into it and sell it on this day
all right i know it means nothing right now this is the day that you're
going to sell it on but here's the thing if you went back in time you
had to not be you you had to just come in another body so to you you're
a perfect stranger but you're talking to yourself think about how you
would sell that person that is what somebody with conviction sounds like
and every everything that they come up with to be like let me let me
let's let's dive into this more you're suffering from this let's let's
let's pull these pieces apart no like i think we do need to make a
decision because every day like you start breaking it down the way you
would talk would change because of the level you were convicted and a
key point on conviction is not that it's binary this

45 00:44:00.000 --\> 00:45:00.000 is a false thing that people say it's
not do you believe in the product or not believe the product it's to
what extent do you believe in the product how deeply you believe in
product i ask you a question have you ever have you ever talked to
somebody about something and they had some cockamania something that was
insane right but they talked about it with so much conviction that you
started to question your own beliefs because i convicted they were that
is the power of conviction over any tactic in sales and that's again the
thing that i was talking about earlier with the intention right people
can smell out intention and so if you have the genuine deep desire to
help the prospect and you genuinely believe that this product or program
or service is going to change their life then selling gets easy the hard
part is doing that which is why most of sales get fixed by fixing those
things and not necessarily having some super insane program for training
you pick the right people you teach them about your prospects but the
things that they're really struggling with and you teach them to have a
question-based conversation which is why are you here what have you
struggled with in the past

46 00:45:00.000 --\> 00:46:00.000 why didn't that work okay now that
i've understood those things i think you might be a good fit for our
program can i tell you about it yes x y and z does that make sense cool
we can move forward it doesn't have to be complicated right like that
simple sales script is what we taught thousands and thousands of gym
owners and they closed millions and millions and hundreds of millions of
dollars in sales using that because the more complexity you add to the
system the easier it is to break and so for me i've always taught off
question-based frameworks because when you just ask questions it always
gives you a home base so if someone goes out you know they're all the
way out in outer space you've got to bring them back a question can
always bring someone right back on point you're like thank you so much
for sharing that boom next question right you can walk them down towards
the sale so when scaling a sales team best option is to hire an
experienced sales manager done this before if you can't do that then you
need to learn how to do the sale yourself recruit someone who has the
already ideally track record work ethic intelligence candor to sell and
ideally in a selling environment those similar years if you're doing
high volume transactional sales then you want somebody's done high
volume

47 00:46:00.000 --\> 00:47:00.000 transactional sales if you're doing
you know enterprise level sales then you want somebody who's done a long
sale cycle who's probably more of a farmer than a hunter it's different
personality stuff you got to make sure that you match those so you start
recruiting then you create a question-based framework just for the
script and the rest of the time you're educating them on the prospect
not the product and then finally from a management perspective if
someone is dipping all of the effort goes towards raising their
conviction educating them on all of the things that we're doing to help
our our prospects succeed giving them the testimonials having live
clients hop on and talk about how their life has changed saying hey dan
remember how you sold johnny two weeks ago well here's johnny and his
life's totally different johnny left like can you share your experience
all of a sudden dan now feels like the next guy he gets on the phone
with is just like johnny and that is how you can fix someone's sales
without even having to get into the nitty-gritty and sure every morning
you do your huddle you know deal with the overcomes people are
struggling with make sure we drill stuff do the role-playing you
obviously have to do that that's the blocking attack that we're selling
but if you want to build a world-class sales team it comes down to the
culture of conviction

48 00:47:00.000 --\> 00:48:00.000 so that answered that question what
are uh three books that you would recommend people read i've only read
one so uh i honest real talk i think it would be much better so i have
this youtube video that says i was once weak uh it's on my channel i
genuinely think it's the best i mean i i think it's it's one of the best
presentations i've ever given and it's literally just about closing and
i think if you just it's 90 minutes of just straight closes and if you
can understand that and it and it shows you an ethical approach to
closing which is about giving the power to the prospect because the
reason that people don't buy isn't because they don't want to buy it's
because they're afraid to make a mistake and so what they do is they
give their power away and so there's three ways to give their power away
from the outside end they give it to their circumstances first so that's
time that's money or that's some particular aspect of the program they
don't like so time wise i'm not going to get into all the overcomers
because it could go forever but time wise we all know that it's not
about time it's about priorities right how can how can somebody become a
self-made billionaire you know what i

49 00:48:00.000 --\> 00:49:00.000 mean and like we all have the same
amount of time so that's and i can give you the actual scripting around
that but just watch the video to explain it the second for circumstances
is money which is not about money it's not about resources about
resourcefulness so what's the difference between somebody who's broke
and a billionaire who lost everything and then builds it back again well
both people have ground zero at one point but the difference is that one
person is resourceful the other person isn't and so it's not about
resources about resourcefulness so right now if you are broke every
south paid billionaire who was broke you're in the exact same position
as them so which means it's not an excuse which means if let's say
tomorrow you needed a 50 000 surgery how would you come up with the
money how would you come up with it and this is an easy question for
everybody because this is this is what i think really drives it home
that sounds like a hypothetical who here is on the live right now
motivation love you guys by the way you guys digging this is this cool
rocking okay who here has had an unexpected bill come up maybe something
like maybe your car breaks down maybe you have a tax bill for my
business owners any huge tax

50 00:49:00.000 --\> 00:50:00.000 bills all of a sudden they came up
what about uh what about a payroll tax for example that you forgot that
you weren't paying anybody or you have a major water breakage right
you're still here you still have a phone you're still on instagram right
now so you obviously survived and here's what's interesting we are
willing to become resourceful when we feed someone else but not
ourselves so when you had to pay your landlord and pay rent you figured
out a way when you had to pay the tax bill the irs you figured out a way
when you had to pay the bill for your car breaking down you figured out
a way but for some reason when it comes to investing in yourself you're
not and so that's because people blame the circumstances rather than
themselves and so we peel this back right so we're having this
conversation with the prospect and so the three things circumstances so
time money fit so fit is like uh i'll give you a simple example they say
uh there's broccoli on this meal plan i hate broccoli i don't

51 00:50:00.000 --\> 00:51:00.000 eat broccoli right and the easiest
overcome there is just you gotta change the change there's a lot of
stuff that you can unpeel there but you just simply say like i mean so
many people are like hey well i currently eat this for breakfast can i
just like have that on the meal plan i'm like well that breakfast got
you that body so probably not got to change the change that's the
fundamental truth there so those are the three that happen in
circumstances the next level that people will cast \[ \_\_ \] to pass
their power to is other people so to say i can't do this because my
spouse can't do it with my kids i can't do it because my employees i
can't do it because uh big bird doesn't matter right the thing is they
will say i can't make the decision because i'm relying on someone else
to make this decision and there's a fundamental flaw in this and the big
flaw is this is that if we fast forward the clock two years who are you
going to blame for the life that you have yourself or the person that
you're giving all the power to of course them and that's not fair the
relationship that you're going to have and so what you're doing is
you're asking for permission when you should be asking for

52 00:51:00.000 --\> 00:52:00.000 support real talk and so the thing is
is obviously there's sub ones underneath of that which is like hey do
they you know they approve your current situation you know if they say
you know no they don't approve it they're not happy that i'm you know
feeling this way it's like cool then why would they be against something
they already don't approve of cool if the rules were reversed what do
you think would happen would you help would you be okay with them doing
something to help themselves well why do you think it would be different
for them right like you can these are all like the simple like mini mini
overcomes but the big one is that you're asking for permission instead
of support right because you really have to logically play this out and
so once you get someone to say you know what you're right like i need to
take control of this cool now we're talking to somebody who's in charge
all right which gives you the last circle and the last circle is
avoidance is that now when someone says i need to think about it or i'm
not sure at least you're talking to somebody who's in charge which is
amazing and so if you're a sales person and someone gives you a
circumstance thing you might be two levels that you have to still keep
overcoming to get to the gold now if someone says a spouse thing you
might have to overcome that and then still

53 00:52:00.000 --\> 00:53:00.000 have to overcome an avoidance thing
but if you can think about peeling back the onion from the outside in
then what we're doing is we're not selling we're giving this person the
power to make a decision and the objective of the sale i'm going to say
this i want to just \[ \_\_ \] inscribe this in everyone's hearts is
that the point of the sale is not to get them to buy the point of the
sales to get them to decide and so if you guys don't know the definition
of of decide comes from latin which is to cadare which means to
literally cut off and so the question you ask the prospect is that's
what this word means and so the question is which future are we cutting
off today are we cutting off the future that is more aligned with the
dreams that you're trying to accomplish are we cutting off the past that
you're trying to step out of which which path are we cutting off today
right we need to make a decision all right and so now at this point when
you're in avoidance you're talking to somebody in power and so we have
to do is get them to confront that is the theme of this one so we have
to get them to confront the decision which most of the time just means
they don't even know

54 00:53:00.000 --\> 00:54:00.000 how to make a decision and so i like
to use the frame of past present future and so the past is saying is
usually overcoming past worries that they've had past mistakes they've
had so simple examples like hey i did something like this in the past it
didn't work i'm afraid of the same thing happening again right i call
this the burn you twice which is hey do you ever date anybody in middle
school yes are you married to them no did you swear off the entire
gender because you had a bad experience no well because if you did then
you'd be allowing that bad experience to burn you twice once when you
paid for it and didn't have it work out and second when it prevented you
from meeting the love of your life and so we can't take that one
experience and let it burn you a second time so that's not a good reason
is it and then it's like well do you think that eventually you're going
to do this do this thing right this is me getting in the future but like
the more fluid you get with this the better you'll get but getting into
futures like do you think you're going to like be struggling with this
forever well no okay well do you think you're going to eventually have
to do this sure or if you're going to do it eventually might as well do
it now right and so there's the past which is about you know burning
twice the other thing that you

55 00:54:00.000 --\> 00:55:00.000 can pull from the past is like do you
think the reason we're having the conversation right now is because
you've had trouble deciding do you think you've gotten this point
multiple times in the past you haven't been able to pull the trigger and
that's why we're here today how much is not making this decision cost
you up to this point is it more than the cost of this i don't think this
is a fast decision because you've been making this decision the last
five years today's just the first day we're taking action on it right so
we can keep like you can keep going through that's all past right
presidents they admit all that stuff and then now you're boom you're in
the present with the person and you have somebody who's in power who who
shakes off all the \[ \_\_ \] they've had in the past you're like great
do you know what it takes to make the decision and usually they'll say
no and you're like great there's three things that you need to figure
out one is do you think the product is going to help you solve the
problem that you have the way that you want it to be solved yes or no
yes great do you want to work with me and or us yes or no right do you
know someone or have access the amount of money to get started yes or no
if they say yes then you're like great we just made the decision what
card you

56 00:55:00.000 --\> 00:56:00.000 want to use you have to help them make
the decision and if they're still there they're like you know what if
you're anything like me you're probably afraid of making a mistake does
that sound fair what are you most afraid of having happen right what are
you afraid of i think it's one of the most powerful questions in
negotiations and sales because you're what are you afraid of having
happen let's play it out right and this gets into another close call
let's consider the options right but say like let's consider the options
like worst case scenario right i go to vegas i take your credit card
number i send it to a nigerian prince he maxes everything out and you
don't get the result you want right right okay do you think that's gonna
happen no okay well at least we're not there right okay so we're we're
getting closer to gold we're getting closer all right what's the what's
the real worst case well i just don't want to fail again okay that's
beautiful what would make you feel like you're not going to fail again
what would you need to say and then this as soon as they start answering
this question you've got them

57 00:56:00.000 --\> 00:57:00.000 it doesn't matter because the thing is
they're going to say i wouldn't see this in this and you're like we
already have that you shouldn't know about it because i didn't talk
about features earlier because that's not important it's important is
how you feel because at the end of the day like you just have to trust
that our intention because you have to trust the person more than the
paper right to walk them through the process and so even then i think in
the future i wouldn't get into it but you get the idea here so big
picture what we're talking is this is this valuable for everybody is
this joe because i can talk about sales all day can i get some hearts
and stuff okay cool caleb's talking because i i still this could be the
ultimate prank because i still can't see the phone and so right now in
my mind i'm talking to myself this entire time so so big picture you
have these big concentric circles from the outside people who start with
the lightest \[ \_\_ \] because it's the easiest thing to cast your
power to i don't have time i'm too busy i don't have the money uh you
know this doesn't sound like a perfect fit for me those are the easy
things right and we go one one step closer to that which is then is
other people right and then we say hey it's about asking for support on

58 00:57:00.000 --\> 00:58:00.000 permission right we explain how in the
future they're going to blame them for for everything and that's not
fair to them it's not fair the relation if you want to value the
relationship long term this is what you have to do you have to own the
decision cool boom now we're in the present and we go past present
future past we get them to give up all of the reasons that they've
failed before as not something that's getting influenced today you teach
them how to make a decision and then you confront their concerns that
they might have and you can talk around them right and the easiest one
and i'm still working on creating a framework around this but i'll share
it with you and you can share with your sales teams if you like it then
i'm trying to figure out like a skeleton key overcome and so there's two
that have a high degree like you can use them in a ton of scenarios and
i've used them all time so you can use them for your sales team number
one is called the reason close and the reason close is whatever reason
they give you you say that's the perfect reason you should do this so if
they're like dude i don't have the money to start the program like
that's the exact reason you need to do this program if they're like i
don't have the time to start the program like that's because like this
is the very reason you do the program right it doesn't matter what the
thing is you just say that's the very reason you need to do this right
so it's called the reason close

59 00:58:00.000 --\> 00:59:00.000 the second close is something i'm
working on called like the hypothetical close so you guys have probably
heard of like the unicorn clothes and the one to ten clothes those are
all closes that have similar themes around them and if you're not
familiar with that is you know the one to ten closes you know if this
were a one and you hated it uh i wanna skip from one and that would be
alex you suck i hate you your breath smells and i never wanna see you
again and ten being like this is uh this is a program that i want to get
started today right uh where are you at right and here's the key it
doesn't matter what number that they say let's say they say six you say
okay cool well what would you what would it take to make you attend and
they literally give you the thing that they said to get a yes and then
you can also flip it and say why aren't you a one and then they start
selling you on why it's good right and so that's the one to ten clothes
the unicorn clothes is similar which is just like hey if this were some
amazing uniform program would you do it they say yes now if they say no
then you say cool then i don't think we need to talk about this stuff
affiliated with something else going on and then you can start attacking
the actual uh the objection which is like you don't trust me like

60 00:59:00.000 --\> 01:00:00.000 let's talk about that right but this
is what i'm working on for skeleton t so i gave you the the reason
clothes the other one is the skeleton key and so which is the
hypothetical clothes and so this is what i'm working on so i'm so
figuring this out but if i said the hype whatever thing they say so
let's say it's time let's say it's money doesn't matter and i say cool
so time's the issue right okay so uh if time weren't the issue would you
do it you guys see where this got right and then they're like well yeah
you're like cool and then we dig in and say then what would it look like
to have time and then they have to generate the responses and we're like
oh cool well that's not going to take that much time the first thing
we're going to do is replace all these activities which you're spending
you're spending all your time on not getting results and replace with
things that are great solve the problem and so what happens with the
hypothetical close you basically take their object their obstacle and
you say cool if that obstacle didn't exist would you do it because the
thing is is once they say yes you got a hypothetical yes so all we have
to do is match the conditions of the hypothetical yes in the real world

61 01:00:00.000 --\> 01:01:00.000 and then we close the deal and so
those are two of the strongest like multi-use closes that work at any
point in this whole kind of equation um that i like a lot that i've used
like a fair amount and so you can use those with your team but just like
hey sweet you guys have any more uh any more questions because i know
that was that was really valuable um like it was a good question uh one
of the questions is uh this was from a while back but how do you deal
with failure uh i mean i don't want this to sound like dismissive as an
answer but like most people just have the wrong i don't say wrong like i
just don't i don't i don't feel bad about failure because i don't see
failure as bad and so this this chunks up into a larger conversation
which is that most people ascribe labels positive or negative labels to
situations and so this again gets into my worldview which i'm not going
to get into but we have a meaning maker in our in our heads and so our
entire lives when we're

62 01:01:00.000 --\> 01:02:00.000 children we're going around and we're
just asking adults what does that mean what does that mean what does
that mean and we just take whatever they tell us as the meaning for
things right and the thing is we don't remember every single person who
told us what every single thing meant we just took it as fact and then
later on in our lives when we have enough other meanings that we can
triangulate positions on we can say that doesn't make sense i don't know
if that's true and the problem that most of us have is that we deem
failure and we were told that failure meant that we were a failure and
that's false because failure is a necessary part is a requisite for
success and so here's the thing this is something i can promise you if
you are not failing right now you are not going to succeed it is a
requisite it's a requirement for success and so how do i feel not bad
about failure well if i told you that there was seven steps to success
let's just say and you were on step four would you feel bad of course no
but let's just say that step four is failing

63 01:02:00.000 --\> 01:03:00.000 all it is is just unpacking the label
that we've ascribed to this thing and just looking at it for what it
really is which means i made an attempt and i learned something and then
i will incorporate that new learning to take one step closer to what i
what my desired outcome is and like all of life is a learning process
not to get like two whatever but like that's what it is and so the idea
is that we see failure is bad that's the problem that's all it is so
that's it genuinely and i i hope it doesn't come unrelatable off
unrelatable but like it just doesn't bother me everyone's asking about
the your next book i it will be done when it is worthy of your attention
and so right now i have right now i've i've written five versions end to
end of the leads book and i'll just tell you guys what the problem is
the problem is that the offers book was such a defined thing that i was
fixing that i could create a manual to solve it and everyone

64 01:03:00.000 --\> 01:04:00.000 could immediately read it and then 10x
the prices do all these things and improve how much money they're making
when it comes to leads it's actually a significant more complex topic
and so it's not just like how do i do cold calling how do i do cold
emailing how do i do cold messenger how do i do how do i run ads how do
i do direct mail how do i do how do i make posts how do i make content
how do i make like all of those things are have to have to encapsulate
it in the book which i think i've done an okay job chunking up but the
issue is i wanted it to also be for me if you followed any of my stuff
there's two two things ideally three but two that are requirements is
that it must be valid and it must be useful valid means that it's
correct in a large number of scenarios ideally in all scenarios that
means it has a high degree of validity useful means that if i actually
do this thing i will get the desired end goal even if the y is not true
but if i do these things i get the angle and so i'll give an example
above so something that is valid but not useful would be if i said
something's work and some things

65 01:04:00.000 --\> 01:05:00.000 don't that is 100 valid it's also not
useful at all right and on the flip side so many so many sales marketing
etc gurus for example say like there are seven stages of awareness and
this is how someone walks through a lead to become a customer and they
start retroactively putting in thoughts into a prospect's mind when we
have no date no way to validate that now if we do the actions that they
say in order to sell stuff it might totally work but it doesn't mean
it's valid because i might buy something not for those reasons and so
the idea is i need to be both valid i need to be useful and the third
bonus for me is that it's entertaining because if it's valid and useful
then that will make people money and many self-motivated people will
just go through it for those things because they know that this is a
cheat code to making money but if i get it to be entertaining then i get
more people to consume and ultimately win so for the book right now it
is valid but the utility is lower outside of just baseline understanding
how to \[Music\]

66 01:05:00.000 --\> 01:06:00.000 market conceptually and so that has
been the issue that i'm having because i'm trying to figure out whether
i need to like write you know eight sub books which is a lot of work
obviously um and just have one book that explains conceptually how this
works so i'll give you i'll give you some stuff that like this might be
interesting for you guys that i had to unpack what's the difference
between promotion marketing and advertising right what is a lead what's
a lead if i get a subscriber on youtube is that a lead if i get a
follower on instagram is that a lead what what makes it a lead what
makes it not a lead i'll tell you the definition that i have the book
which is information that you can leverage to create a transaction that
is a lead so if i get a subscriber on youtube that is not a lead if i
get a follower on instagram that is a lead right because i can leverage
that conversation create a transaction they might say well the follower
on youtube would maybe buy something yes but after something else
happens right if they commented and i said hey give me your number now i
have the information

67 01:06:00.000 --\> 01:07:00.000 leverage to create a transaction right
and so um i've been i've been trying to peel these layers back to create
with absolute clarity something that people who want to get more
customers and the procedure of that is getting more lead flow or deal
flow if i that they could read the book and immediately execute
everything in the book and increase their lead flow and so that has been
the trouble that i've had in trying to encapsulate that simply in a
simple book while also accounting for all of the disparate ways that you
can generate leads through attention and so the second big breakthrough
that i had was something that i called the advertising cycle which
you'll have to read the book um but basically i made 58 broken models to
get this to work the way i needed it to and i would consider this the
value equation of this book and so um i am working on it it just because
we're also running acquisition.com um and actually like growing the
business why not like writing the book um takes time and i just won't
put out a product that i don't think is

68 01:07:00.000 --\> 01:08:00.000 deserving of your attention and so i
will always hold that as the hard line and so i promise that when it is
done it will be worthy of it to the best of my human ability so um with
that being said i hope you guys enjoyed the first live ever q a of uh
solo if you guys uh can give a caleb a shout out because this was all
his idea and if no one's there i will blame him and i will have won the
bet that i've been talking to myself for this entire time um but anyways
uh mozation i love you guys uh if you for some reason are new on here um
we have a book that's 99 cents that a lot of people are referencing
anything that's 5 000 five-star reviews on amazon it's 99 cents if you
want to check it out a lot of people get value from it um the the
podcast uh is you're a podcast listener we have a podcast that
encapsulates a lot of this stuff at higher level i don't sell anything
like the whole reason acquisition.com is this is because i'm trying to
help businesses that are doing three million or more and so if you are a
business that's doing three million or more and you're on the internet
love to work with you hop on acquisition.com fill out the fill out the
form we'd love to help you get to 30

69 01:08:00.000 --\> 01:09:00.000 million and beyond um we've done it
six times already so we're pretty good at it especially for this type of
business but if you're below three million and you're not in that
industry or you're through you're below three million and you're in that
industry that's why we make the book we make youtube we make twitter
content we make uh instagram content and we just i'm just trying to give
everybody the tools they need to uh that i wish i had had um earlier on
not saying they're right i'm just saying they've worked for me so
anyways appreciate your emoji nation you guys i don't deserve you but i
am grateful for you nonetheless so thank you guys i'll see you guys the
next instagram live
