https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ITff1fIbSc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 people are making podcasts and thinking
in 90 days they're somehow going to blow up in the beginning 150
episodes is just me talking about how to run a gym better i got a dm the
other day somebody who's like yeah it's easy for you to build this brand
because you already have this big audience i was like dude just start he
was discouraged by the fact that he had no following he had no audience
etc 99 of people who are watching this do more cool and then you'll have
cool to talk about rather than regurgitating other people's stuff but
for everyone who sees the overnight success right what i want you to do
is go to my podcast and look at the time stamp of my first episode this
2017. five and a half six years ago it just now hit the top ten and in
that six year period i did not miss every week one to three podcasts for
six years and so people are making podcasts and thinking in 90 days
they're somehow going to blow up when the reality is that you're finding
your voice for the first year you're figuring out what way you
communicate you're learning how to teach how to entertain how to present
you're learning how to

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 speak and you're also learning about
the stuff that you're learning meantime right like in that period of
time i might not have had as much stuff that was as cool in the
beginning that applied to as many people because the first 150 episodes
is just me talking about how to run a gym better right around 150 i
started talking about marketing in general because that's what i was
into at the time and then i started talking about sales and i started
talking about business in general and m and things that as they've
evolved over time and so the subject matter as well as my skill in
delivering it both improved over that period of time and now the podcast
is top 10 on entrepreneurship and very high ranked in business next to
names that i i looked up to my whole career i'm like holy cow i'm like
we're wait we just went about this guy that i've been looking up to my
whole life it doesn't take 90 days it takes years if you think in days
the time's gonna pass no matter what but if you can think in decades
when you make your goals when that decade does pass it'll show that you
were thinking that way right not the outcome the goal make the action
the goal if the action is did i make the post did i make the reach outs
every day then you're a success you check both boxes i want to tell you
a

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 quick story so there was a guy who
started at the first gym with me same day all right and we've been
friends since then and i started my gym and then he started his gym and
he started changing gym so we went in parallel all right and he ended up
selling those gyms and he wanted to go online he was like dude i need to
build like a brand i was like dude you just need to start posting you
know short form stuff making stuff that's valuable he posted every day
for six months and then one video took off and then the next video took
off and the next video took off and then all of a sudden now he's making
a hundred thousand dollars a month from the content that he was making
he'd already been doing business for nine years and then all of a sudden
it took off and he and he messaged me he was like i'm super grateful
that that you told me to do that and so he did the post and he did the
reach outs and what ended up happening is that earlier on he would he
would have videos that would start taking off he would start doing reach
and start making sales and then he'd make some money and then he would
slow down and then all of a sudden you get in scarcity mode once he was
like oh

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 shoot there's no money coming in
there's no money coming in and then you start making content start doing
reshots again and you make money again and he was like dude how do i
break the cycle and what we did was we shifted what he was focusing on
because he was focusing on the sales he was making he's focusing all the
money he was making rather than focusing on the process you are not
successful in my eyes because whenever you see some outcome you stop the
activities which means you don't have the trait of consistency that's
like the reason you aren't where you want to be is because you can't do
things repeatedly and so most people can't do one thing over and over
again you need to be able to do the doing without seeing the result of
your doing and you have to keep doing it and if you can keep doing
things independent and this is both ways if it goes really well you keep
doing the thing that got you there and if it's not going well comma yet
you keep doing the thing so that you get good enough that one day it
will and that's the shift that most people don't make and i think that's
why most people just stay poor and the reality is that if you can commit
to the actions and the behaviors and the traits that you will grow
through doing then at the end of this process a decade later you will be
the type of person who can do something

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 for a long period of time and wait and
i promise you that if you have that trait money will never be a
constraint in your life and this is from atomic habits every winner and
every loser have the same goals so when you measure yourself by having
this external thing and people like set goals everyone wants to be rich
everyone wants to have a six-pack your goals don't make you unique it's
the activities that you do that make you unique the goal of the winner
is to commit to the activities the goal of the loser is to commit to the
goal 52 percent of 18 year olds high school seniors think they're going
to be millionaires by 25. the world is going to be shook many of you
will fail and that's because most of you have the same goal 52 percent
you think you're gonna be a millionaire right it's just math but only a
small percentage will because if you want to be a millionaire you're not
going to focus on making a million dollars you're going to focus on the
stuff that makes a million dollars and so when you can divorce the
activities from the outcome then you can focus on the doing which
whether your income does this over that period of time your self-esteem
remains the same because you're committing to what you can control

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 if you can make that shift it will
change your life so i started making podcasts six years ago i committed
to that process when i signed on with a youtube vendor a few years ago
on the first call i said i'd like to have this channel be something in
five to ten years i was like we'll look at it then and see if it was
worth continuing to do i was like but i'm in for a decade and he stopped
me afterwards he was like i've literally never had a client say that to
me ever he's like they're all like how can i get leads in the first 90
days from youtube and like blah blah blah i was like if we're making
progress i'm good will commit to that i think that if you can think that
way you will get what you want and then people will ask you a decade
from now man how did you have this overnight success and blah blah blah
blah and aren't you like don't the followers and the fans like how does
it not get to your head and you're like because it was never the goal
and so i feel just as good at year one as i do at year eight because the
activities that i committed to remain the same if you can think that way
and you can shift your perspective it will it'll decrease your

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 emotional ups and downs and i think we
all need ways to decrease our emotional ups and downs in the game of
business because like we need to have second lives the third lives and
fourth lives and the way to do that is to not put your life your game
playing life in something that you can't control but putting all your
game playing life in the things you can right now we just crossed our
400th episode 400 episodes like if i did one a week that's 52 four eight
one a week for a year that would be eight years of doing that if i had
400 episodes i'm at like year six if you make 400 long-form pieces of
content i guarantee you that your following would be bigger than it is
today well how long is that going to take as long as it takes because
the goal was never the outcome the goal was to do anything you
