https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awOQDy\_o9ww

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone alex from moza
here three companies who uh now have done over 110 million dollars in
sales and this video i want to talk about the entrepreneurial journey as
it relates to control and the reason i think this is so important and
this is probably the biggest reason that people get stuck all right and
so at the end so what i'm going to do here is i'm going to explain kind
of how control shifts throughout the entrepreneurial journey where
people get stuck and at the very end of the video i'll tell you
basically the the most valuable rule of thumb that i've learned in
scaling our companies all right so first thing is the reason
entrepreneurship is so difficult is because it forces you to change who
you are your identity the values that you supposedly have as you
continue to grow i'm not saying your you know honesty etc those types of
values but the the way that you see the world and how you operate
because in the very beginning you most of us at some point have to
transition from a lack of control to complete control right and what i
mean by that is either you you know went straight into entrepreneurship
where you shifted control from your parents to yourself right or in many
other instances you started you had a job someone else was

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 kind of responsible for your income for
the most part because they're paying you you weren't generating it
yourself and so you're very limited right and then you jump to taking
complete ownership over all of your outcomes right and so you have
complete control the difficult thing is is that the thing that takes you
the first step that huge leap of saying i'm going to be completely in
control is usually the thing that will stifle most entrepreneurs who are
trying to grow right because if you have complete control and complete
ownership that's great but there's only one of you right and so what
what that leads to is kind of this this buyback and i think the first
time i heard this recently was denmark tell us talking about buyback
principle and i just like the terminology but basically you just
continue to buy back your time as you continue to grow the company and
so in the very beginning most people are buying back support time so
it's just kind of like lower skilled support tasks that they're doing in
their business so it's like them and then they've got maybe an assistant
right and then after that there might be higher level support or
administrative tasks so that might be like billing collections contracts
all that

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 kind of stuff that might happen in the
business after you have like your kind of support role taken care of
from there the next level of control that people have to give up is
selling right no one can sell like me no one gets it like i get it
people just don't relate to my customers right and the issue is control
you're trying to control the whole thing and the thing is is that every
time you add someone in and you buy back more of your time you
relinquish control and so the thing is is that every level of
entrepreneurship i'm telling you right now it is always uncomfortable
because the thing that you are now holding on to is the thing that you
have to give up and this has been one of the hardest things for me a lot
of this is because we identify with being the thing right in the
beginning i'll give you a simple example because we work so many gyms
people be like no one treat trains a class like i do right so that's the
first level of fulfillment right first level of of delivery is is
training right it's also the first thing they need to outsource and the
reason for that is because the market will pay someone 15 an hour
somebody will come in for 15

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 an hour to do that work well if you
have work that pays you a hundred dollars an hour then you should be
doing 100 an hour or not the 15 hour work but they think because they
like to feel special they like to feel unique no one can train like i
can train well i mean obviously there's probably some people train a lot
better than you so maybe you should let them do the training right and
then after that usually the business owner will do contracts billing you
know and they're usually not that good at it anyways because they're
entrepreneurs and so that's the next thing that happens right and so
then the next piece might be some sort of assistant of some kind or some
sort of right-hand operator that would help you out right and then again
there it's like well no i don't trust anyone with the money if i'm not
looking at the money then then we're gonna we're gonna lose well i used
to say the same thing until i had someone who's better at tracking the
money than i am huh crazy right and so i had to give up control of the
money i'm not saying i don't look at it right but i had to give up
control of it and so then i'm just selling right because that's the
highest value thing i could do at the time was i could just talk to
people and get them to give us money right but then eventually there's
too

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 many too many consultations that have
to happen i still have to run the business right and so i have to give
that control over to someone else which is probably one of the biggest
and most difficult people this is usually either thing that gets in the
way of people going i'd say from a million over so we're doing over a
million so up to a million dollars a year you can just sell yourself
right like you yourself can sell and you can have these other people who
are assisting you but once you cross a million it's usually difficult to
be doing the selling yourself and that's where you have to start scaling
sales so you have to give that control up right the next level after
control of the sales is now you have to teach other people in a group
not just one person but a group of people how to sales you have to
manage a sales team you have to recruit you have to hire you have to
train compensate etc and again that's levels of control but again here
here even with the sales team you're talking maybe three maybe 10
million when you get to 10 million trying to go to 30 the level of
control that you're giving up here is leadership weird right because
there's too many departments too many people you can't lead everyone
right so you have to lead a small group of people and get them

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 to lead the people who are underneath
of them right and so again it's a level of control it's control over
your your culture now obviously you want to lead it you want to lead by
example you want to be the the most distilled down version of that thing
so that it it permeates right but as you continue to buy back i think
the question that i like to ask myself is what am i what am i trying to
control what am i trying to control and i think if you think about that
and then rather what part of my identity am i giving up by giving up
this control i used to think i was you know such a great salesman right
no one can sell like i can sell but you know what i can't outsell 12
guys right i i literally can't you know what i mean i can't do it and so
and if the business model requires you know only a soup like your level
of sales to to make it work then the model's broken right you should be
able to have people close half as many as you and still make the model
work right now obviously over time you want to get them to sell better
than you because all they're doing is selling

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 right whereas you were when you were
selling the way you did you were running the business and so with each
each of this kind of cycle is you have to give up control and so i told
you the beginning of the video that i will give you the rule of thumb
that has been served me very well in running my companies which is how
far away do you get right how far away do you get when you when you
relinquish control because the thing is is you relinquish control but
you still take full accountability and responsibility for the results
that's what's wild is that you have to say i'm going to give this over
to you i'm losing control and yet i'm still responsible that'll trip you
up but the rule of thumb that i use is know where the bodies are buried
know where the bodies are buried and so what i mean by that is if i
don't know where the flaws are in a department i'm too far away so if
i'm if you know if i talk to let's say a marketing director or i talk to
a sales director i talk to uh you know customer support i talk to you
know finance and i don't know where

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 the bodies are buried like i don't know
what the issues are because every department has issues every department
has problems it's a business it's made of humans and humans are
imperfect right which means that there are always imperfections there
are things that are not working as well as they could if i can't name
problems if i don't know where the bodies are buried in the department
then i'm too far away right now when i say that doesn't mean i have
given up too much control that's not the issue it's just i need more
transparency i need to be paying more attention to that area and this
rule of thumb has served me well so if i start hearing only good news
from a department and i don't hear anything negative i'm too far away
and this has been my my managerial leadership rule of thumb that has
really helped me a ton is know where the bodies are buried and so this
is the entrepreneurial journey in a nutshell i got a lot of feedback
from the zero to 100 million dollar video that i made of kind of the
steps from a business model perspective but from the personal
perspective the issue is control and that's why most people can't get
stuck because they have all these personal

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 issues that prevent them from
controlling i'm sorry alex i just don't trust people i have trust issues
well get over it because you're not going to build something great
without trusting other people so if you want your mom or your dad or the
thing that you know you have your trust issues with to be the reason
that you're not successful but give them more power go you know power to
you right just get just keep giving them control over your life because
you have these issues right or you can decide i think this person's done
enough damage to me in my life i'm not going to let them stop me from
accomplishing what i want i want to accomplish and so i'm going to take
back that power i'm going to take back the control over my outcomes take
responsibility which may feel shitty in the moment because it means i
suck but at least i suck and i don't point at them saying they suck
because i can control what i do and as a result i can go through this
process and continue to buy back and relinquish control buyback and
relinquish control buyback and relay cruise control first of the doing
then of the admin then of the the ops then of the sales and then of
having a sales team and then of the leadership and then continuing on

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 and on as we relinquish more and more
control right how can you be free if you control everything interesting
anyways lots of love keeping awesome i'll catch you guys on the flip
side hope you found this valuable bye
