https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TOYJHax5x8

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 my last book 100 million dollar offers
just crossed its one year anniversary it sold over 200 000 copies with
no publisher no advertising campaign I launched it before I had an
audience it is Alex from other here and I have absolutely nothing to
sell he was truly off of Word of Mouth just launched a brand new book
it's a 100 million dollar offers 100 million dollar offers and so people
read the book and shared the book you need to create a grant and slam
off if people aren't sharing it on their own then it's not worth
promoting because it's not good enough I think that when I die the thing
that I will be most proud of is not the businesses that I've built but
the books that I've written I think the books will outlive anything else
and I think that they will help more people that's why I spend right now
about 20 to 25 hours a week every week on my book most authors pretty
much only do that they're right for four or five hours a day and then
they end their day for me I write for four or five hours then I start my
day and so I wanted to do one deep dive video into my writing process
the most powerful ability in the world to influence other people is the
ability to tell stories that's because you can both educate and
entertain with stories it literally changes people's brain main

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 waves when they're listening to your
story and they become more suggestible so I'm going to break down the
elements of Storytelling how to edit a story to make it better how to
increase the stakes that make it interesting to a reader and how to do
it in such a way that you're actually breaking someone's beliefs that
you can actually influence how they behave and once you have that
ability you can use it to sell you can use it to educate you can use it
to teach to reshape someone's beliefs you can change someone's character
you can give skills like there's endless ways and it's the most
effective way to communicate to other people that there is if you want
to write a book the way that I outline these things is what's the point
of writing this book to begin with what is the problem that I'm solving
the vast majority of books that are written right now are not written
because they want to serve the audience they're written because the
author wants to make money from the book accolades whatever most books
are not worth reading when writing and Publishing a book became easier
was about the 1960s from that point going forward the amount of books
that were published you know has exploded 1.6 million books are written
per year the reason people publish has changed but I believe that great
writing comes from a place of wanting to add to the body of knowledge
and when you do that then it allows to

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 compress five years into three hours or
four hours for somebody and that's where a book becomes valuable next is
kind of like how do you come up with a big idea and then after that I'll
talk about the editing stuff from a big idea standpoint this is what
actually takes me the longest period of time which is narrowing down the
focus of the book to a single problem to be solved I have to answer the
question very truthfully what do I want someone to get from this book
the first book offers is people don't know what to sell and so that's
the first problem somebody has before they can make money is they have
to know what they're actually going to sell someone which is the offer
and so that's why I started my book series there the next problem is
they don't have anyone to sell it to they need leads and so the idea is
that when someone's gonna meet somebody else I have to think like where
does my book come out in the wild just saying like oh I read this great
book you should read it some people read that but where I think it's
best is where someone's like dude I wish I had more leads people were
like oh if you're suffering from that you have to read this book because
now it's a solution to someone's problem the problem with most books is
that they don't actually solve anyone's problem because they basically
name hundreds of problems and don't completely solve any of them so I
would rather very narrowly Define the problem

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 and then solve it completely a good
book is a complete solution to a narrowly defined problem and so what is
the problem that we're solving and then what are the ways that I would
think about solving the problem usually it's going to be three to six
big buckets that are going to fit for solving a specific problem once I
have those buckets I'm going to think what are the experiences that I've
had that have shaped this belief that I have about this like why do I
think there are these three to six buckets it's like well this is what
happened in this time that's what shaped this part this is what happened
this time this would shape that part when I saw the charity event at
Arnold Schwarzenegger's home that we were invited to I saw scarcity in
action about how how are they able to sell these things that were never
normally worth more than ten thousand dollars for a hundred thousand
dollars there was all these other factors at play so it was a very good
story for me to transfer like why scarcity is important there's lots of
different Frameworks for trading stories I will give you the one that
has been useful for me you have a setting which is where this is
happening you have the character the person who's doing the doing you
have the desire which is the thing they want you have some sort of
struggle why they can't get it you have some sort of Eureka moment that
changes things achieving the Victory and then some sort of resolution
they talk about this as the Heroes 2 Journeys but not all stories have
Heroes

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 that have two Journeys but the
externally internal and you want to tell both the external is what you
can see with your eyes if you were in the room the internal is what
you'd have to experience as the person emotionally and see we want to
weave both of those together in the story and so someone might have the
victory but it might feel empty and so it's like we want to tell both
sides of that there's two kind of rules of thought that I use one is I
want to use all five senses so I talk about I Smell What I Hear What I
see what I can touch how things feel like I could feel the back of the
chair against me my back was sore because I've been sitting for hours so
I could set the setting that way by kind of describing rather than
telling number two is you want to show rather than telling so I'll give
an example that Stephen King uses in his book on writing which is a
great book instead of saying Cheryl walked in she was his ex-wife he
might say something like he struck the spot on his finger that was still
bleached from where his wedding ring used to be you show the situation
to the reader rather than telling them and that is also true of great
copy of great marketing of great ads is that you want to demonstrate
rather than saying it well then what details do you include because I
could spend an entire book to describe this room but if I I just said
there was

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 a pelt on the wall and it's made of
wood and there was a view of water and pine trees you probably have an
idea of what kind of place this is if you want to be selective about the
details that you're choosing to call out because otherwise you're just
wasting time now if the Pelt that I have on the wall in my mind's eye is
a deer and in your mind is a buffalo does it change the story and if the
answer is no then we don't need to go in more detail on it you want to
be Vivid in your description about the things that matter for me I've
always had stories heavily ingrained in books because I want to bring
the experience that taught the lesson with it because then it gives
context to why the framework that I introduce in that chapter is useful
so what makes a story interesting I like to think of it as one main
thing which is stakes and struggle I can give you a simple story I was
at home I was hungry I couldn't find any food I realized I had my phone
and I ordered ubereats ubereats arrived I ate I was satisfied that is a
story it's not a very interesting story but it is a story if I tell that
same story and I would to say I was hungry I'm a diabetic

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 if I don't eat I could die and there
was no food in the house as I was rummaging around my vision started to
narrow I started getting cold sweats and I was like am I going to be
able to get food before I pass out my family's out of town they're not
going to be able to find me and so I started having thoughts about like
is this how they're going to find me my body on the floor what are my
kids going to think all of a sudden I created stakes in the story The
Reason game shows are inherently interesting is that they literally put
money on it so that there are Stakes that's why those exist imagine you
were watching a bunch of poker players play and the chips were
meaningless like steaks is what makes things interesting so there was a
textbook that my buddy Dr kashy also sent me to create better ads write
better copy and ultimately write things that are more interesting what
are the factors of newsworthiness and so if you think about
newsworthiness it's just what are things that make things interesting
and so there were seven components the more of these components that you
can tie into a story The more of a story it is and they literally even
talk about stories in the news like what's the story the first one is
recency how far away the event was to

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 the thing so if you think about you
know hopping on Trends as fast as possible when you're telling stories
the recency with which the thing occurred to when you're telling the
story makes it more interesting the second one is impact of the event so
if there's a story but it has no impact on the reader or The Listener
it's going to be limited which is why it's on the job of the author to a
select the stories that they're going to tell and then make sure that
they're bridging why this is important for you as they're telling the
story and then they tie it to the action items especially if you're
teaching that you want someone to take as a result of that the third is
prominence like if Kim Kardashian sneezes it becomes interesting because
of how prominent she is and so if you can involve characters that have
prominence in a story then you make the story more interesting in and of
itself the next one is proximity so it's close to homeness if you will
if I tell you a story of a house that's burning down it might be kind of
interesting but if I told you it was your neighbor next door it's
probably much more interesting to you if you have an ad and you're
marketing to a local market the closer you can get the headline if it
says rather than like Baltimore Maryland it says Towson Maryland which
is a sub suburb or whatever they're going to be much more inclined to
listen to the next thing

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 that makes something interesting is
conflict whether that's natural or whether it's between people we're
here recording this video and a man with a gun walks in all of a sudden
this got way more interesting and so it's because there's conflict
there's tension and there's unresolved there's mystery the next one is
how unusual is this thing is there something odd or bizarre or unique
about this particular situation or story like if you see something that
you expect your brain doesn't say oh let's pay more attention to this
because it matches the patterns that you expect and so the idea is that
you want someone to cast a pattern or expectation under your story and
then all of a sudden you shift it and they're like whoa and then their
brain will divert resources towards the story because it's not matching
the patterns that they already had in their mind which means they needed
to create attention to reconcile the conflict between what they expect
and what is reality and the last one is the amount of times you can
update this is a little bit more around news but it's like how many
times can you update someone on the same thing right that's why news
stories love giving updates up we're pressing news right from the crime
scene when you're telling a story might not be always able to do that if
you're fixed in a story setting you don't have to have all of these
things but if you have two three or you know of these things in

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 one story it makes it a much more
interesting story hey guys the much awaited sequel to 100 million dollar
offers is 100 million dollar leads it is coming out in the next 12
months realistically probably six months if you want to get on the early
bird list because last time we sold out in less than an hour so if you
want to get on the early bird list and just make sure that you have a
guaranteed copy ready for you for distribution so you're gonna use it in
getting more leads in your business go to acquisition.com anywhere and
just opt in and then you'll get automatically added to that list so that
we can send you the link the moment it launches once you have that you
have a way to tell a story now it's like okay well then how do I bridge
that into a wirefram for a book and so for me my general rule of thumb
is that I just put stories in where I feel like it starts to get heavy I
want to deliver as much of the things they need to do in their business
and right when I start to feel like it's heavy I zoom out and I create a
story that creates more context and we dive back in I have my big
problem the supporting arguments that lead up to that single thing and
then I have the stories about how I learn each of those things to fill
in the blanks for that book and then the framework for each chapter now
once I had that I have a general idea of how I want to go about

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 solving that problem everyone has
different writing processes for me I go as far as I can until I realize
that I have a logical inconsistency or an inconsistency with my own
experiences that would prove my theory or model wrong at that point this
is the part where most people don't want to do it I go back to the
beginning I adjust my assumptions and then I restart the book and I
write it again and I usually get a little further and then I realize
that something is wrong with the model and the bigger it is the more I
have to adjust the book and start over again models have to be two
things they have to be useful and they have to be valid there's too many
things in life that you don't want to ReDiscover and redo the work so
your brain creates these mental shortcuts these mental checklists that
you go through in your head a lot of them are not documented so all the
framework really is is documenting the checklist you already go through
there's always a process everyone goes through to make a decision as
simple as they may be which serial am I going to grab the one that's
closest to me you know what I mean like it could be as simple as that
there's a framework that you use and it is useful now the question is
how valid is it and the validity of a framework depends on how many
different circumstances it can be applied to and also still work the
very valuable Frameworks like equals mc squared apply

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 in every one that we have found to
date which is what makes it so valid when I'm testing a framework I know
the situations it does work and so then I start testing it in new
situations seeing if it's still valid and if it isn't valid I go back to
the original framework and say how would I need to adjust this so it
would incorporate both and then I tested another situation in another
business situation until eventually I get a framework that I can't find
a way that it's wrong the longest process for me is ideating all the
pieces that are going to be in the book The Next longest process is
actually writing the first draft from there I go through my heavy
editing of going from 12th grade language to third grade language with
more pictures my goal is is that when someone reads the stuff that I
have that they spend as much of their mental capacity on consuming the
concepts and not translating the words into things they understand the
average American reads somewhere in the neighborhood of fifth to seventh
grade depending on where you read which means half of Americans read
below that there's a free app called hemingwayapp.com that literally is
just a pace box and when you paste your words into the box it highlights
it and says

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 this is too complicated adverb passive
if you want to train yourself to be a better writer using it gives you
immediate feedback because as soon as you change it the color changes
and so when you talk about changing people's behavior having something
that immediately gives you feedback when you make a change is the best
way to reinforce Behavior quickly and so I think it's one of the best
teaching writing tools that exists it's so simple you'll be amazed at
how much better your writing comes out so if you have a paragraph and
you can eliminate a sentence and the paragraph's meaning stays the same
eliminate it if you can use shorter sentences versus a long sentence it
is better to use the shorter sentence if you have a shorter word it is
better to use it try to eliminate adverbs whenever possible really
whenever possible like whenever you're like I'm really not sure still
trying to eliminate it most times when you see an adverb it's because
you did not use the right verb I walked quickly it would be much better
to say I ran I always use Simple tenses so rather than like would have
liked to I just say wanted or wanted to if you can't make something
sound simple it's because you don't get it not them from there I go and
send it

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 to four to eight of my like ideal
readers people whose opinions I value but don't hold me in high enough
esteem that they're not going to tell me the truth so they're like hey I
had questions here this didn't make sense or the standard contradiction
or something else whatever and so they send me back their notes again I
use Stephen King because he's just like my hero for writing but he's
like if you get lots of different feedback for everyone then you did a
good job if everyone's saying the same thing he's like you probably
should change it once I get the feedback from those readers I create
what would be considered my third and final draft then I send that to an
editor for like grammar typos Etc and then at that point I have what I
would consider my finished book I spent a thousand hours on a book
roughly and a lot of people can't comprehend that like level of work
which is also why most people can't make good stuff people think that
writing a book is like just literally getting the word count to a book
size and then slapping a cover on it and shipping it which is why there
are so many bad books there's this visual that Stephen King gives that I
think is like the best visual and it gave me hope about writing he said
writing is walking uphill with a bag of rocks where you keep adding
rocks the higher up the hill you go so the longer

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 you've been writing something the
heavier it feels he's like you just have to have the endurance to be
able to go through the hard work pruning through the writing and killing
The Darlings really like I spent so much time on the section but it
shouldn't be in the book with this particular book I went through eight
full drafts so it's about 600 pages of writing to create what is now 200
pages of version 8 of the book so with the leads book I can tell you the
sections of the book are understanding how to talk about leads get leads
get other people to get you leads get even more leads do it those are
the sections of the book right like that's very simple and then within
each of those subsections is the different types of ways you can collect
leads and so but all of them aligned that single point which is how do I
get people more leads if this thing that I'm writing does not apply to
that you take it out I'm shooting for a book a year we'll see if I get
there but like that's what that's my like mental back of napkin goal is
you know I still have to like run all the companies and make these
videos and stuff so if you took some takeaways that you can write into
your stories into the content that you make into your marketing into
your advertising into the

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 stuff you use to sell people's things
you should check out my content video of how we gained 1.2 million
followers in six months just using a standard step-by-step content
strategy which I break down in all the detail and the stages that you
can apply them within your business right now
