https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-7VjocC76M

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone i want to show
you in this video one of the fastest ways to make a tremendous amount of
money in a service business all right so right now if you want a service
business or any kind of business where you provide stuff uh to customers
if you sell stuff then this video is for you um just so you if you don't
know me my name's alex romozy i own acquisition.com we do about 85
million a year in revenue i have nothing to sell you um and this channel
is just because a lot of people are broke and i don't want you to be one
of them all right so uh i was thinking about the different businesses
that we have um we have a publishing business we have a photography
business which is a chain of brick and mortar um somebody asked me in
one of the comments to name them out i don't tell you the actual names
of these because part of the deal structure that we have with a lot of
these are our influencer based or personality driven brands and so i
don't want it to be like oh you're just one of alex's businesses all
right so just to be clear for everybody the reason i don't do that i'll
tell you the ones that i own 100 of but the ones where i'm a minority
partner in i don't um i don't tell you what they i'll tell you what
categories they're in um so like i said we've got a publishing business
uh which is a digital uh digital business we have a brick and mortar
chain photography studios we have

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 we have a certification business we
also have a an online it's a similar business but online for trainers we
have our gym licensing business uh which is gym launch we have our
supplement business which is prestige labs um and then uh we have allen
which is our software uh company for for agency owners that helps brick
and mortar agencies uh work leads all right so just so you're curious
that's what we do and we're looking getting some others anyways one of
the things i was thinking about within our businesses is like what are
the different categories and this was kind of a spin-off of the
recurring video that i made about cracking netflix's code right is what
are the different types of products that we can sell and i'll show you
one of these that's incredibly valuable that if you're ever pressed for
cash it's the easiest thing that you can sell for a ton of money first
there i was like you've got products right you've got widgets you've got
stuff all right that's the first category the second category let me see
if i can draw some nice lines here the second category is you've got
services right where people do stuff right for other people and the
third and this is the one that a lot of people miss out on

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 is access all right so i'm gonna go
through all three of these in a second all right so products everyone
should kind of understand what these are right you get these in the mail
and they can also be digital goods so here's a here's an aab version of
each of these right so you've got physical and then you've got digital
so you've got physical product would be getting you know supplements in
the mail a digital product would be uh uh buying buying the buying
netflix uh like you know buying a netflix subscription right that's
where you're you're consuming a digital good when you buy media that is
a digital good right you're buying eyeballs right if you're buying
physical services that would be like buying a massage you've got digital
services which would be like um like a marketing agency it would be a
digital service right they're not actually buying you're not buying
something that's going to happen in the real world you're happy you're
buying something that's happening in the digital in the digital sphere
right third is access where you've got physical access which would be
like uh concert tickets right you have access like to someone or to an
experience of some sort and then you've got digital access right which
would be uh you you

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 buy access either to um like a virtual
a virtual event or or you have access to me via slack or something like
that right that would be digital access all right and so when you're
thinking about your products and services right one of the easiest
things to do to make it more valuable is think how can i add if you have
let's say products how can i add some sort of service component to it to
make this more valuable and we do this so that we cannot be a commodity
right the goal is to be so different from everyone else in the
marketplace that people have to consider you on their own as your own
standalone business so that you can have monopoly prices all right
despite what the government will tell you in antitrust laws the goal is
to become a monopoly like you win the game by being monopoly by being so
good that no one else can compete with you right and now because those
companies have so much power they own the government now anyways not
getting into that that's not the point but the point is is that uh you
can pair these concepts so most people just consider themselves i am
just a physical products business it's like okay well can we add some
sort of digital products right to our physical products to enhance the
value and differentiate ourselves if i have a

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 service i have a physical service maybe
i can add some sort of digital component to it or maybe i can add some
physical products that go with it or digital products right they go with
it or thirdly is there a way that i can add access which is probably one
of my favorite of the types of of of businesses and here's why this one
has almost 100 margins right digital access is almost 100 margins same
thing with digital products almost 100 margins right um digital services
less so so services just so you're you're wondering why so many service
businesses have a hard time scaling this is very hard to scale people
it's also hard to scale things that have hard costs right um and scaling
people you have to scale culture you have to scale training you have to
scale onboarding there's a lot of things you have to scale for scaling
services which is why most people don't like buying those types of
businesses which is why and i'm making this video right now if you want
to increase your enterprise value it's trying to figure out how you can
add multiple of these things so i just gave you six different categories
here right of things of

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 different types of things that you can
have in your business i know that the sun is making me you know i'm
dodging the sun here right i'm a sun chaser right now when you're
thinking about how you can add more value right and i'll tell you the
hack right now all right so you guys ready for this in terms of if you
needed to make money the way that you do this all right this is my
favorite one that you can use which is access all right i'm gonna put
this in big is that you sell a more individualized higher touch version
of your own solution all right and so what that means is you can say hey
i can only take five people for a one on one right or a small group
right experience for one year for this big outcome that they're all
gonna want and i'll guarantee that you'll get it or i'll keep working
with you for free until you do which means when you buy this thing and
when you give me this money right now it means that you've solved this
problem you can put this money down it means that that outcome is going
to happen i'm going to

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 try and get it to happen 12 months
because i don't want to keep working for free but you know that i will
continue to work with you until you achieve it all right so right now if
you have a client base and you're like man i'm strapped for cash and the
only way that they can do this is if they prepay the entire period of
time all right and so the thing is you don't need to have any kind of
discount for an offer that's structured like this the reason that
they're getting a lot of value is because they're getting access right
they're getting access in addition to a service all right and they're
getting some level of expertise on top of it all right and so right now
if you need to make an extra five grand 10 grand 20 grand 50 grand
whatever it is that you have depending on the size of your business that
is one of the easiest fastest ways to generate cash flow for your
business and use up some of the uh audience while still maintaining good
pent-up demand all right what i mean by that is that if you sell a
hundred of these or you sell out in terms of like you sell out all the
demand that's there you running something else in the future will bomb
right and so the idea is if you know that you could sell 20 people sell
five if you know you could sell 100 people sell 20 right try and
maintain the vast majority 80 of the demand still there

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 and have it pent up so that when you do
another offer like this in the future you'll sell out again and the idea
is that as you grow the number of people that you will have in that
demand pool continue to increase and so you will always be able to sell
out but the number of total slots will continue to increase whereas most
people always go for the biggest ass they possibly can try and sell out
and liquidate all the goodwill they have in their audience all the time
which means they're always searching for building up the next demand
which is why they're always poor because it's very hard to do that all
right it's much easier to maintain goodwill and multiply it and then
feed and then just skim a tiny amount off the top and then grow the
goodwill of the base to go from you know 100 people in your base who
want to buy the thing to 200 people in the base and the next time you go
from 20 to 40 rather than going from 20 to 200 right because you could
do it but then after that you're done nothing you got to start from
scratching it and so it's much better to always keep some goodwill uh
kept up one of my favorite ways to liquidate that uh in a very
controlled burn manner is to have access so you can have implied urgency
and applied scarcity uh

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 with a very very high ticket premium
and you'll probably get some of the best customers to do this with you
they'll be the least needy believe it or not um and get some great great
testimonials and great outcomes as a result of it so um anyways
moseynation like i said my name is dr wozzie on acquisition.com uh with
85 million dollars here and i have nothing to sell you if you enjoyed
this video uh hit subscribe i share other stuff like this that's helped
us scale our businesses um and i have absolutely nothing to sell you all
right so keep being awesome and if you didn't enjoy this video i still
love you anyways and i'll see you guys the next bit bye
