https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThSFgC\_4NVA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i want to talk to you
about a time where i bombed completely bombed a stage presentation and
one of the most important lessons that i've learned from it that has
made me a lot of money since then um and has protected my reputation and
gotten me a lot of goodwill so if you've ever like not known what to do
or what to offer people or hey should i try and use this as an
opportunity to build goodwill or forge a relationship or should i try
and you know sell something or get a margin on this i want to tell you a
couple different stories that kind of all illustrate the same point that
i've learned over the last few years all right and so um one of my
favorite uh kind of like bullets on this that you can you can write or
downer is uh no half measures right uh either sell or don't sell but
don't be in between and so the first time that this kind of happened for
me was i was uh asked to speak at this kind of high level uh mastermind
which happens relatively frequently um but this one in particular was a
it was a fitness related one um and uh for me when i have presentations
and stuff i

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 usually spend a long time preparing
sometimes i'll make a product actually that was the only time i made a
product but i spent a long time on the presentation so it's usually a
big deal for me to say yes because it's like i'm gonna have to i'm gonna
have to do a lot of work on my side um and so anyways i had this uh this
this this presentation in this pitch that i had made for a product that
we had made specifically for this audience and when i got there they had
given me a three hour time slot all right which is insane and i think
part of that was because they just wanted to have me talk as long as
possible you know for their audience because they thought it would be
valuable and so for whatever reason i agreed um and the thing is is like
you can't pitch for three hours or maybe you can but you can't straight
pitch for three hours right and so what i decided to do is just provide
you know a lot of value you know near the end after two and a half hours
i was like i'll just kind of mention what we have going on right and so
i get up there first off uh the the audience size is one-third of what
was what i was told so i was like okay that's a little bit different and
disheartening i go and i you know piece by piece i'm doing q a with the
audience

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 all that kind of stuff right and so as
we transition um or as we as i transition to the pitch part right i uh i
pull up the the slide deck that's normally a you know a 90 minute slide
presentation um with a pitch and an offer and everything and i went
through it and i was like yeah yeah we talked about this and i'm going
through the slides right like like super fast just being like yep and
this you guys don't need me to tell you the story right you should
understand this boom boom boom and then at the very end i i basically
make the pitch right without any kind of pre-frame and i go through it
just like really fast and kind of half-assed and um i bombed it was
horrendous it was horrible because i had so much speaking time they
didn't take me off stage because i still had like time left and so i'm
sitting there on stage having made the offer no one's moved and then
people were and then all of a sudden ra hand star racing from the
audience with with questions and i had never

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 sold anything that was cheap in my life
so this was a two thousand dollar thing it was literally the first time
in my entire life at first on anything below 16 000 um you know which is
which was you know for our into the fitness space right i thought this
was like a no-brainer it's too grand either i mean just buy it and then
make a ton more money because it's it's stupid right i started having
people be like hey can i can i do a payment plan on the two thousand
dollars i remember be like if you need a payment plan then uh don't buy
it and next question and someone's like i feel like um you know the
supplements that you have are against my my goodwill because we i only
promote vegan things and i was like cool then don't buy it and this is
how the questions start unrolling like this vibe this toad right and you
could just watch the plane just going towards the ground on fire burning
right i do this for like 30 more minutes all right of q a of me just
getting increasingly annoyed because hey there's only like 30 people
there which there was supposed to be a lot more than that anyways and so
i

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 remember the feeling i had afterwards
which was just like anger and embarrassment and just like you know
humiliate all of those you know at once and mind you like at the time
and this is then right we were doing about four million a month all
right and so when i had some people were like well how do we know it's
gonna like gonna work for a fitness house like i have 4 000 freaking
locations here like that use this licensing model i paired it down just
for you guys so that you can use the materials at a at one-eighth the
price this is not a discussion right so anyways i remember sitting there
and in the pain of the moment and the humiliation i was like what am i
going to learn from this which may be in and of itself something that
you might be able to take with you but like whenever you have those like
super emotional moments right i know from my conversations with dr cashy
that when you have extreme emotions you're actually in in hyper learning
mode ptsd is where you're basically you turn your brain on and it goes
into hyper learning mode because there's trauma that is going around you
right and or you know there's it's a

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 traumatic experience which just means
super heightened emotions and so what happens is your brain says learn
from this right and then it starts ingraining these things so that when
you hear loud noises then you get amped and then etc right and so it's
the same kind of thing so if you have these emotional moments this is
for me this is what i do is i try and think like what am i going to try
and ingrain in my brain right now because i have an opportunity to hyper
learn something in these moments and so the lesson i learned and i'll
tell you another story in a second that really drove this home no half
measures either pitch or don't pitch all right so if you go into a
business meeting or you go to a conference or you go to a whatever right
either ask hard or do not ask at all there is no half-assed asking all
right and this is a lesson that i have learned hard i actually had one
of my uh one of my exacts he ended up pitching this is you know now that
we've moved ourselves out of that business and now we're just on top of
it one of the the execs in my gym business he half pitched something to
our audience he like half pitches like you guys don't need me to do the
scarcity thing right you guys don't need

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 me to do these guarantees right you
don't need me to do these actually these bonuses right and i was like
what are you doing i remember because the i was like that is how you
pitch you're saying that they don't need all the things that persuade
them he's like well they know because we teach them how to do this stuff
and i was like yeah but like people still need it to make decisions and
so he bombed that and he learned the lesson himself so my goal is that
you don't have to bomb it uh to learn the lesson right and so let me
tell you the upside of this here's the flip side right so i talked about
just now how you can how like no half measures either pitch or don't
pitch right don't go in the middle i think one of the one of the things
that's difficult for entrepreneurs is to know when to make the ask right
so it's like okay well if i'm either going all in or all out well then
how do i know when to do which right and i would say that most times i
have been better served in my life by holding back my ask and what i
mean by that and this is like a super life hack so for those of you who
are who are who are perseverant and focused on what i'm saying right now
then take this in if you get to a point of good will if

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 you keep giving and keep giving and
keep giving you don't need to ask ever you will just get so there's
there's the commonly you know told like you know uh jab jab jab right
hook right give give give ask right but i will i would postulate that
there is another one that is even more powerful which is give give give
give give give give give get give give give give get give give get right
is that people will just start handing things to you because humans are
reciprocal in nature they believe that if they are getting something at
a certain point they must reciprocate somehow which is why the spammers
who copy my name on this channel do so well with my channel because i
don't ask for anything from mozy nation so by the way just another
disclaimer i will not dm you or put you on whatsapp and ask you for cab
fare or ask you to buy something everything that i have is free here so
just fyi just as a reminder to everybody and a lot of the best things
that i've

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 had happen in my life have come from
goodwill and so i think the biggest difference between big business
owners and small business owners is that they do not understand and
apply the concept of goodwill right and i'll do an entire thing on
goodwill next time because it's a deep topic that i love talking about
but right now in your business you have the opportunity to provide
things for your audience and if you can continue to provide them and
have the patience to wait for the ask you can actually make
significantly more money all right and so the thing is is if you're
going to make the ask which means if you're going to withdraw from your
your relational capital right the goodwill that you have in your
audience if you're going to make the withdrawal then ask and ask hard
and mean it it's not the time to make it a nickel here a nickel there a
nickel there right it's so much better to just keep investing keep over
delivering and then when you ask make it known that you are asking and
that is one of the biggest lessons that i have learned over time in
business for me is that it is so much better to give and keep giving and
keep giving and oftentimes you will get and

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 if you pitch which you if like the
idea is to ideally never even have to because you should be getting so
much but if you if you must pitch then pitch like you mean it right and
don't have asset so anyways that was a story of my bombing i hope you uh
found some humor in that uh for my humiliation um mosey nation love you
all uh my name is oxford mosey i have i i own acquisition.com which is
portfolio of companies uh and uh i have absolutely nothing to sell you
so if you enjoyed this hit the subscribe button and i will see you guys
in the next video a lot of people are broke and i don't want you to be
one of them which is why i make this channel keeping awesome lots of
love bye
