https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzKxrifSMNg

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video I want to talk to you
about how to eliminate problems in your life without taking any action
and as crazy as that may sound I think that what I will share with you
may sound even crazier if you don't know who I am my name is Alex Mosey
on acquisition.com it's a portfolio of companies that's over 100 million
dollars a year and I have nothing to sell you and this lovely uh dolphin
background painting is because my wife and I've been traveling a lot and
we're in random airbnbs so that being said let's rock and roll so
yesterday I was having a conversation with an old friend of mine and we
have different beliefs around the topic of problems especially when it
comes to The Human Condition and I went on somewhat of a rant about this
topic and I figured I would encapsulate it here for you guys and so the
problem that this individual was talking about was a lot of stuff that
has to do with you know mental illness and mental health and I think
that this is a an interesting topic because the entire like industry
didn't even exist until a few hundred years ago and humans existed for a
long period of time one of the more interesting things about the mental
quote illness category is the importance of labeling and if you

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 followed me for any period of time
you'll know that labeling to me is one of the strongest powers that
exists in the mind and I'll give you a reason why our minds are meaning
making machines and so what that means is we determine what is
Meaningful and what is not and then we ascribe labels to them in terms
of positive and negative because that is how we survive now that being
said our brains Are Meant To Keep Us Alive not meant to help us Thrive
right to use a rhyming word for you now that being said with this whole
concept around labeling it's something that I'm probably most passionate
about like the concept of labeling as a whole it's unbelievably powerful
when it comes to persuading people to do things unbelievably powerful
when it comes to changing people's World Views and their perspectives on
life and I will share a few of those examples with you so I'll give you
a quick persuasion example for how powerful this is if I wanted to
persuade someone to do something then what I would do is I would create
a positive label that I would associate them with so I would say you are
probably a loving and caring man for you

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 know you want to provide support for
your family is that true they're like yes and I'm like yeah you
definitely seem like one of those types of people and since you are one
of those types of people I think that you should invest in this program
that we have because that would be in alignment with this ideal that we
just labeled the person with and so what happens is it creates cognitive
dissonance because for the person in order for them to stay in
accordance with the label that they would like to have they then feel
obligated to then act in accordance with that label that we just uh
prescribed now that's a very simplistic example you can weave that into
narratives and sales scripts so that people become psychologically
labeled and then want to act in accordance with that label because they
see it as positive right the thing is is that it can also work in
Reverse in terms of how you can harm someone and the reason that this is
so viscerally upsetting to me is that I have had members of my family
extended and whatnot who have I would say debilitated themselves in
large part because of what they believe to be mental illness and I
disagree now many people will get triggered at this and so I will say my
a

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 big disclaimer which is this is not
Financial advice this is not grammatical advice this is not spiritual
advice this is not even advice this is a guy making a YouTube video
about stuff that pisses me off and hopefully some of the things that
serve me well now let's talk about the labels that are negative one of
the things one of the most pernicious acts that exists negative bad
stuff is when we take the human experience that has ups and downs that
has extremes that exist on continuums and we label one side of the
Continuum is bad and the other side of the Continuum is good for example
happy sad energized or weak tired right we have equal opposites they're
you know relaxed stressed right there's lots of examples of these the
reason that this is so dangerous when we give a positive or negative
label is that people think that they have a problem when they are not
feeling happy or energized work relaxed or clear-minded versus foggy you
you know what I mean whatever and the thing is is in order for there to
be light there must be Darkness think about that for a

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 second in order for there to be good
there must also be bad one if you want to admit the existence of one
there must also be the existence of the other right awesome now the
problem this is why we have to be careful with labels that most people
suffer from is that they label normal variations in The Human Condition
with negative experiences and so they see themselves as tired and say
this is bad whereas it's really just part of the human condition they
see themselves as sad rather than happy and see that as bad and so what
happens is you start to upgrade a finite emotional condition into a
long-standing emotional disturbance because you think it's a problem and
the thing is it's very easy to sell people on why these things are
problems big Pharma is is the king of this are you feeling tired
stressed you know are you hungry are you horny well you are suffering
from being a human being it's being human and so I think a

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 lot of this and the reason that it
wraps into the original part of the prompt of this video is that if we
want to be enduring entrepreneurs we want to be people who have
resilience we want to people who have men mental fortitude we must be
careful about the things that we label and there's also the good bad
label which is the simplest label that a lot of people ascribe to
conditions that are that are ephemeral right they're they're brief right
and then they change but there's also the shoulds have must need to Etc
that we say in our lives that we have to do these things or we must do
these things and if we do not or else we put out a threat towards the
universe if I don't get my coffee I must get my coffee I need to have
coffee before I start my day what happens is that we create these
implied threats to ourselves in the universe if we don't then what right
and so I see this and this is probably the number one thing that people
when I'm having conversations with them it's teaching yourself to listen
for these language

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 patterns because they are indications
of in my opinion broken thought patterns people ascribe positive and
negatives two things without understanding what the Deep ramifications
of those things are and so if you are unhappy awesome you're human this
is the human existence if you are tired awesome it will create more
contrast for when you are awake if you are stressed amazing it will give
you contrast for when you are relaxed if we constantly want to eliminate
one side of the Continuum what often happens is that we get neither side
and we become numb to the Continuum as a whole and so we end up missing
out on some of the human experience and that's okay if that's what you
want to do but the reason I'm making this video is that a lot of people
think they have problems that are not actually problems at all they're
just part of being human and I think the biggest problem that most
people have is that they Define Being Human as the problem which
inherently is why they suffer so much and I'll say

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 something else that was pissing this
person off yesterday that I will I will reinforce with you which is
suffering is optional and an easy uh story to to to reinforce this
foreign stream example of this is if you've read a Victor Frankel's man
search for meaning and it's a very visceral description if you haven't
read it of uh of Auschwitz in the in the prison camps uh during World
War II he basically posits in the book and this is a one-line summary
that's doing a massive distrust uh uh Injustice to the book that between
circumstance and response is choice and that is the power that all of us
have even when he was stripped of everything that he possibly could have
he still had choice and so in that Gap is where I believe we find The
Human Experience we find how we Define how we choose to live it drives
me up a wall because I feel like a lot of people suffer because they
feel like the way that they are living is somehow wrong or bad or
non-optimal or they need to take a pill or an injection to solve Being
Human and I think if we can simply

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 change our expectations about what
Being Human really means and I say this passionately because I very much
suffered from this for a very long period of time I was obsessed with
being happy and in being obsessed with being happy anytime I was not
happy I saw it as bad rather than a part of being human and I drove
myself nuts I think I made myself more unhappy now I say this now not as
though the being more unhappy is better good but I think that most
people want to decrease their emotional disturbances that they
experience right and so I think a key to not suffering is a
understanding that The Human Experience has Peaks and troughs and it is
normal and it is okay and as a side note one of the strongest mental
health things that I did for myself and I'll share with you things that
work for me is that I created a mental refrain it's just a simple thing
that I can say to myself in my mind over and over and over again is that
when I'm experiencing a negative quotes here negative part of The Human
Experience I'll say and that's

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 okay that's all be like I'm really
annoyed right now I'll be like and that's okay rather than then casting
judgment on the emotion because a lot of times you don't have control
over your emotions but you do have control over the Judgment with which
you apply apply to the emotion that you experience and the response that
you have as a result and so I think this is where power is formed as
humans is that some people two people are exposed to the same stimulus
right same circumstances and one person perseveres and the other person
does not and a lot of it is because of the choices that we make between
circumstance and response and that's kind of back to Victor Frankel's
think I'll wrap off this this this final little thing here this rant
with a quote from I think it was I think it's Socrates you said wisdom
begins with a definition of terms and so most arguments or disagreements
can be resolved if both people come to an agreement on terms and it's
because we say things like happy we say things like healthy we say
things like wealthy we

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 say things like success right and we
haven't defined the terms yet and then two people will have different
definitions of what those terms mean or more likely non-existent
definitions because they've never even thought about it right some
amorphous word that they throw out bucket some general ideas and
disagree but they have very different definitions of those things and
the way that you define the outcomes that you want to experience will
help you achieve them if that is what you so desire and I think that
there's a tremendous amount of wisdom in that concept because you know
in Socrates is quote because like for example when we sold our three of
the companies that we sold last year right Jim wants Prestige labs and
Allen we sold those to different buyers and what was interesting to me
was when I read through the contracts the first half of like 50 plus
page contracts were just defining the terms and I thought that was just
so interesting that in order to come to an agreement we must first agree
on terms right what is the scope or territory of a non-compete and

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 then there would be a paragraph and
then that word non-compete would be put somewhere else and the actual
agreements themselves oftentimes are very simplistic it's like party a
as defined by you know know appendix one agrees to sell right cell being
defined in you know in appendix two to party B right as defined by said
assets said assets to find it you know I mean and so what happens is
when you become clear about the words you say you can communicate and
think more clearly and a lot of times I think that this resolves a lot
of the emotional disturbances that we experience as humans because we
realize that they were never problems to begin with only that we Define
them that way and therein why the problem of how we experience them and
so this is something I'm very very passionate about hopefully the topic
was not as amorphous as uh hopefully it sounded to you but people suffer
because they choose to Define their experience as suffering and I think
that many of us can experience fewer emotional disturbances or not

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 upgrade them to long-standing
emotional disturbances by simply saying a I'm experiencing this emotion
which will pass comma and it's okay and B subset this is part of being
human and then what happens is we could start redefining what The Human
Experience should be and if we say for example that experiencing the
full spectrum of The Human Experience is a life well lived and we desire
to have a life well lived then we are doing a good thing when we suffer
when we are sad when we are stressed because we are living our life to
both extremes at different times in different seasons to the fullest
degree so that we can look back on our lives and say I was a human being
I lived this life anyways these are things that keep me up when I think
about what it means to be human and I think Buddha uh had a really
interesting concept around this which is you know he talks about the
middle path um in life which is by the way a lot of people don't know
this but you know Buddha was a prince beforehand so he had all the
riches he had all the Comforts right and then he went to extreme poverty
on the other side of the

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 spectrum and he was like the middle
path right so it's understanding both sides of the human experience and
not saying either one is good or bad but they just are and then I think
when we do that we we remove the Judgment of self which is where a lot
of the suffering occurs rather than simply being present for the
experience and enjoying it for what it is which is just being human and
we don't fall prey to The Narrative of the big pharmas that say that
being human is wrong being human is bad experiencing emotions is not
normal it's the most normal thing it's the most normal thing for people
to be unhappy sometimes it's the most normal thing for people to be
tired sometimes it's normal to be hungry it's normal to be horny it is
part of being human and we create so much suffering for ourselves by
saying that there is a problem with simply existing during a period of
time on a Continuum and then that problem that we label then becomes
long-standing rather than something that passes with time so lots

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 of love everyone Mosey Nation
appreciates you if you're new to the channel welcome lots of love either
way I have nothing to sell you keep being awesome I'll catch you next
bit bye
