https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrp3ehx\_lJM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 if i were 85 years old and i got to go
through a time machine and be back in my body as i am now to experience
my life from my 85 year old self it's dramatically shifted how i see
everything so let me walk you through it i've struggled to feel grateful
for most of my life it's not that i don't have things to be grateful for
i have tons of things to be grateful for but i don't feel gratitude and
so i've tried a lot of different practices to try and feel gratitude you
know the journals and the daily meditations and things like that but
they've never really stuck that's not to say that they don't work for
some people but i want to share with you in this video is one of the
most powerful perspective changes that i've ever experienced if you
don't know who i am my name is alex romozy i'm the managing partner at
acquisition.com which is a portfolio of companies that does over 100
million dollars a year and i have nothing to sell you i make these
videos because i hope that you make all the money in the world and you
experience all the joy that you possibly can in the process i have
spoken in the past about the frame of the veteran which i won't recap
here but it's really just having different frames or perspectives
through which to see circumstances so that you can improve your
experience recently i've been trying to toy with one that would

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 create gratitude there's a clip that
went pretty viral not that long ago it's also my number one tweet of all
time which is when i was 20 i wanted to be a millionaire now that i'm a
millionaire i want to be 20. when i'm 85 years old and in my mind i
imagine i will be a multi-billionaire at that point i know that i would
give up everything that i have of material wealth just to be poor and 20
again i call this the frame of the grandfather or the grandfather frame
and it works like this if you've ever looked at pictures from your past
and you look at where you grew up or you look at you know your old room
or you look at a picture of you with old friends doing something we tend
to feel these feelings of nostalgia and i tried to quantify like what is
nostalgia so to me nostalgia is gratitude in the present for past
circumstances for whatever reason we're able to kind of look past all of
the kind of minutia of how we were feeling our moods and we're able to
kind of like see big picture the things that we are grateful for take a
pause here i'm sure all of us have tons of childhood \[ \_\_ \] and
things that we wish

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 were different and blah blah blah blah
but there are still elements of our past our childhood our adolescence
our teenage years our college years whatever it is right where you feel
grateful some of you guys are superstars and are always grateful for
everything and i'm you know i'm jelly i don't roll that way it's not
like i wake up and i'm like man i just want to count my lucky stars like
i just don't that's just not how i function and i've been trying this on
and i i hope you do too because it's been it's been really like
improving my life i tried to do this i wake up thinking to myself if i
were 85 years old and i got to go through a time machine and be back in
my body as i am now to experience my life from my 85 year old self
seeing it again if i wake up and i feel my body and i'm like oh this is
so nice i don't have all the joint pain ah my wrists don't have
arthritis and then i wake up and i'm like i remember when we used to
live here even when i looked at layla this morning i was thinking to
myself man like this is my wife right at the beginning of our marriage
you know we're only six years in we wake up and we walk over to you know
to have our coffee in

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 the morning which we always do and i'm
like isn't this so nice i remember we used to have coffee here together
this is great and i look out the window look how young vegas looks it
doesn't have all these buildings and these flying cars like it does now
it's it's so underdeveloped compared to what it is today and i feel
gratitude for an external just environment which i would never really
think that but i know that my 85 year old self will totally appreciate
those things as i'm going through the day applying that frame also to
business where i can see that you know the ceos of our companies and the
people that work within our holding company acquisition.com they're
stressed about things and in my mind i'm thinking ah isn't this cool
that we get to do this together isn't that fun isn't that neat look how
cute that is it is the most powerful frame that i've encountered i think
the reason it's so powerful is one it operates almost entirely from a
frame of gratitude that for me i can feel for whatever reason gratitude
journals the meditations things like that like i don't feel that but
thinking about my 85 year old self being able to re-experience life
through my 32 year old body it's really shifted how i see things and
also decreases the amount of anxiety and stress i have over

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 outcomes because i'm like this isn't
going to matter in the long run i also think it helps from a business
the term loosely but like a business wisdom perspective because when you
think about the decisions you think about it within the larger context
of your life and you're not like oh yeah i'm gonna make that short term
dollars because you're like i'm 85. i don't have anything to prove you
know what i mean you think about like the really stressful things that
you've had happen in your past i feel nostalgia for the sleeping on the
floor that i did at my gyms for how tired i used to be at the end of the
day of taking 20 plus consults for months and months and months on end
and rather than feeling stressed about it or resenting the fact that i
have to do it like i get to do this i get to make videos talking to a
camera look at my 32 year old self go trying to make his content trying
to help other entrepreneurs like isn't that cool if i had to
characterize seasons of my life i would say i was very angry as a
teenager and young adult and then i went from angry to being aware of
the deficit between where i was and what i considered to be happiness
from there i kind of switched to what i have affectionately called the
\[ \_\_ \] happiness

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 mantra which i lived for a very long
period of time which was i stopped trying to optimize for happiness at
all and just really stopped thinking about it all together which i think
moved me closer to something that i would consider to be joy you can be
joyful independent of circumstance because joy is from within happiness
tends to come from external right it comes from circumstance and i think
when we look at the grandparents or at least the people that are older
that i aspire to be they just have an internal joy they have gratitude
for being able to live it one last time because the end of the day like
it is our last time i'm being real here like i've had a guy that i
graduated with died a few months ago and um he was a really successful
guy really smart kid did really well i mean this is really dark but he
got randomly murdered and you know he had grand plans for his life and i
think to myself i'm like you know tomorrow really isn't guaranteed thank
you for your attention i know you have a lot of places that you can put
it and i am grateful that you chose to share the moment with me so most
nation appreciate you guys

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 bye
