https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xy1h4qqF778

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what i want to share with you is the
one sales tactic that is directly made over 35 million dollars for my
company \[Music\] so when i was at my own gym back in the day probably
eight years ago um i was really struggling right and i was traveling to
come back home or something and during a layover i saw this guy that i
used to go to college with and he uh he was i didn't think this guy was
like that much smarter than me and like definitely like i was in some
classes i was like i don't think this guy's that bright and he sits down
next to me and he says uh he's like oh how's your gym i heard you got a
gym and i was like oh you know it's going well i was like trying to be
cool and he's like yeah i've got this supplement store i was like oh
that's awesome he's like well i've got two locations now i was like oh
well fancy you um and i said well what do you guys do like a month he
says i don't know we do like 70 80 000 a month and i was like in
supplements he was like yeah

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 and at that moment it was like my mind
broke i was like if this guy can do this i'm gonna find a way like i was
like i've got this whole gym full of people and i don't sell them
supplements and so when i came back i was like 100 committed to selling
supplements i was like i'm going to figure out how to do this and every
single client will walk into my facility after i would sell them our
service package i was like hey buy these supplements right uh and they
were like no i'm not going to and it felt horrible and i literally just
again and again and again i just kept getting beat up and i bought all
this inventory after i talked to that guy and so this cache is just
sitting on my shelf and i was like i have to find a way to move this
stuff and so one day i think i had 15 or 20 consultation sites i had
sold a bunch of people into a new program that was starting and i was
doing all the 101 orientations that was probably like 15 orientations
deep and i just headed no after no after no after no and finally i was
sitting down and this nice lady walked in and she had like a nice ring
and a nice purse and i was like okay if i don't sell this woman i'm
going to

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 kill myself and so and she was like
super upbeat and anybody who's ever done sales like you know when you
see that person you're like i'm definitely closing this one like i i
have to close this one like this is how i pay my bills and so she sits
down and i remember getting to the end of the presentation and i just
said instead of my normal pitch around like hypertrophy and maintaining
body mass and just a whole bunch of jargon that she would never even
understand i said hey uh so with the program was like do you want to do
uh you want chocolate or vanilla for your protein and she was like which
one do you like i was like chocolate she was like all right i'll take
one of those and i was like didn't want to scare her away so i was like
uh i've got uh for the pre-workout do you want to do kiwi or strawberry
i i like the kiwi she was like okay i'll do that one and i didn't want
to sell any more because i was afraid that she would somehow back out
and so and i didn't want her to like make any other purchasing decisions
so i said do you want to just use the card you have them file and she
was like yeah that's fine and then i took these off the shelf and

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 i and i slid them over at her and she
grabbed them and she smiled and she walked out of the facility and i
made my first supplement sale and i was like holy i didn't even talk at
all about what these even did or how to take them or what the benefits
were i just simply asked her which one she wanted and the key was i
didn't ask her whether she wanted them i asked her which one she wanted
and as soon as i realized that that is when i was introduced to the
assumed close all right it is one of the strongest upsells in all of
business all right like i can't tell you whenever whenever i hear
someone if there's every sales process that generates tons and tons of
traffic and they're closing anywhere in the 80 plus range i usually know
that it's an upsell all right and the beauty of an assumed close is that
the prospect is choosing between two options that both are buying from
you rather than whether

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 or not they're going to purchase and so
the beauty is if you can construct your conversations in a way that
makes the sale seamless and make it assume that they're going to have
this extra thing with your program you can immediately upsell a big big
big percentage of customers whereas maybe normally you might close one
out of three or one out of four or if you're really good one out of two
of customers who walk in the door with an assumed close as an upsell you
can sell nine out of ten nine and a half out of ten of the people that
you sit in front of and you can close them at higher tickets at higher
percentages and part of the reason is because in an upsell opportunity
you're selling to a customer who already knows and trusts you right and
if you pair the fact that they already know and trust you with the fact
that you already have a purchase that's already happened you have their
their information on file and then you simply present them with an
either or option that both include buying you will typically get a huge
percentage to take that option and so um this this assumed closed
rapidly transform our business i ended up making just as much if not
more from the supplement sales in profit than i did for my actual
facility uh it

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 became a staple in all the locations
that i had i was able to cover all of my advertising spends simply from
the upsells and so that took all of what used to be my service revenue
and just turned that into profit because i could cover all my
acquisition costs simply with the upsells um i taught this to all of the
facilities that we had and they ultimately use that for uh selling
prestige labs which is the brand of supplements that we have that pays
really really high margins for gyms and so that single experience where
that lady bless her soul just said yes to the either or option is what
significantly changed a huge part of my life and so anyways i hope you
take something from that i hope there's there's something you can look
in terms of your sales process in terms of something you could upsell it
doesn't have to be a product it can be a service um it could be you know
it can obviously be any kind of retail stuff physical products is really
easy because you already sold service so next that you want to think
about what's the next natural thing that they're going to want to need
or or want or going to have to normally buy on their journey and if
you're like i don't know how to find something like that you just simply
look at what the normal things that a

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 normal that a customer will buy in
addition to your services as a result of the decision you know fitness
is an easy one people go buy clothing fitness clothes they buy shoes
they might buy some at-home stuff they might start downloading some apps
they might get different groceries uh so that's food or food prepping
food prep materials a crock pot like all of those things are things to
be accompanied than obviously supplements and so a lot of times when a
consumer makes a decision to work with you on a service side there's
other additional purchases that they're going to make and if you can if
you can if you can predict what those are which you should know and
weave those into your sales process as an either or decision you will
usually get a very big percentage to uptake and a lot of times those
upsells can be all profit for you and even offset the entire cost of
acquisition of getting a new customer so i can't even stress how how
impactful this was in my life and so anyways i hope you found that
valuable hope that was cool if you like this stuff you know like
subscribe all that kind of jazz um and i think i've got some trainings
that you can go through for free and go click do that and uh catch you

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 soon \[Music\] \[Music\] \[Applause\]
you
