https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9Vv7rK-4Jc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 entrepreneurs and business owners my
name is alex ramose and in the last four years we've done 120 million in
sales across my four companies i have nothing to sell you i just want to
share some of the lessons that have worked well for us in this time
period so one of the questions we get is like how do i make more money
right and a lot of times people think about acquisition stuff and
sometimes it is acquisition based but the other half the equation is
making the customers more valuable all right one of the key ways of
doing that is delivering more valuable services right and so services in
general right you can think about this from a consulting basis you can
do this from a service page whatever right so this is not for physical
product-based businesses it's for service type businesses all right and
so what i want to walk you through is what i call the service delivery
cube it's cubed because there's six sides you're gonna see the chart
that i'm showing you right here is six but i'll walk through each one of
them this is a creative process that i use when i'm thinking about how
can i experience product lines what thing can i do with the existing
resources that i have that can provide more value to my customers and
you'd be amazed that if you walk through this cube so many opportunities
will jump out at you using what you know excess capacity or

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 or sawdust right so if you if you were
if you had a lumber mill and all you do is you sell lumber there's all
this sawdust that comes up on the ground and it's like how can we
monetize the sawdust right we could we can make sandpaper out of it we
can put it into pellets so that they can make pellet stoves right so how
can we how can we use what we already have without incurring more cost
and drive more value to our clients by repackaging the same thing and so
this is called the service delivery cube all right so there's there's
six components to this one is the ratio all right which is what's my
client ratio for a service what if i wanted to do something one-on-one
what if i want to do small group what if i want to do one to many all
right one two unlimited amount so whatever i'm doing now i like to think
about is there a way that i could do this one-on-one is there a way that
i could do this in a small group is this way is there a way i could do
this one-to-many right so this is the first kind of filter that i'll
look any any service or potential other offering through the next is
what extent is my client going to be involved is it going to be

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 do it yourself is going to be done with
you right where we're going to help them implement you know a change of
some kind or it's gonna be done for you it's hands off they just pay us
money and they get this result all right and so these are varying levels
of value and service all right what's interesting about this one is that
i i like there's another video i'll make it another time called the
sales to fulfillment continuum but basically the the the harder the
easier it is for you to fulfill the harder it tends to be to sell and so
do it yourself is one of the hardest things to sell to someone because
it's such low value because all of the efforts on them done with you is
a little bit easier to sell uh because you have a little bit of an
educational component so they feel like they're learning the skill right
and it's a little easier for you to fulfill on and then finally the
easiest thing to sell is done for you because someone just gives you
money and they get the result and it's the shortcut right but this tends
to be the most operationally complex there are you know billion dollar
companies in each of these in each of these spaces they're just very on
you know the more do-it-yourself it is the more of a marketing and
equity company it is

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 uh the more done for you it is many
times these types of companies can provide such such value that people
just come to them right and so that's the second of the service delivery
cube the things that i'm looking at so i might already have one of these
is there a way i could go up or down on this scale right the third is
what i would consider support level all right and where they're going to
get support all right so are they going to be supported in this process
via text are they going to be supported in this process via chat there
could be some process via email via via uh you know expert
representative via phone via zoom what's the channel or channels that
they're going to have access to me and my team all right excuse me the
uh the fourth is going to be how do i want them to consume the
information all right so if i'm going to have some sort of service
delivery there's going to be some sort of onboarding process right do i
want this to be live right do i want this to be recorded do i want this
to be written right do i

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 want this to be do i want this to be
audio right like if you're listening on the podcast i want to have like
audio book versions of this do you want this to be video right and all
of these things can be live or recorded so those are kind of the
variations in terms of how i want them to consume right this is the
consumption piece consumption consume the information right and so we're
going through the service delivery cube so i'm thinking it what is
what's the ratio and the thing is is all of these are a lot of variables
and that's okay the point is that if you already have something you can
look at where it fits on all six of these things and say can i move it
one to the left or one to the right right and if you think about it that
way you'll be able to excuse me a little tickle there be able to come up
with a new product that might be more valuable and maybe even less cost
to you right and that's what we're trying to find is i want to unearth
where there's hidden value within my company using the existing
resources i have that can drive more revenue and profit to the business
all right the next is speed and convenience all right so one of my
favorite sayings

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 is that fast beats free and so if you
look at you look at uber people could walk they take uber you look at
fedex they could use us postal service but instead they pay more to get
it overnight spotify there was free free music on the internet but it
was a pain in the ass you know download all that stuff instead spotify
came in and it was you could pay to not have the have the inconvenience
right so speed in and of itself is something that people will pay for
all right so is there a way that i can can i that i can cut the results
in half the time is there that i can speed up my support so maybe i have
normal support which is you know you get a repo apply at 24 hours but
then i have vip support which is you get a response in 60 minutes or
less right so it's all my existing resources but just put and repackage
in a different way with a different expectation for the client right and
a lot of people will pay for that so that's an easy one that we can
deliver value for all right so it's the fifth one and then the last one
excuse me is more of a mental exercise which i call the one 10x to 110
all right and this is a creative process that i like to think of

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 which is if i were to 10x my price of
this thing what else would i include right what else would i be willing
to do right and on the flip side if the price of what i if i did was one
tenth if i if i had to fit it into one tenth of price and i had to
deliver more value than i am right now how would i do it and so there
are two those are two creative questions from different ends of the
scale so if i had a thousand dollar product for example if my thing was
ten thousand dollars what would i be able to do that i'm not doing now
right and a lot of times some of the creative ideas you have you could
actually still do right now at these price points and figure out how to
jam pack more value into your offering and on the flip side if i offered
my product for 100 and i said i had to make it more valuable than it
currently is what else would i include what else would i build into this
thing right and so by thinking through both of those processes i can
usually come up with new ways to repackage my products and offerings and
services uh to become more valuable all right so the service delivery
cube the reason that i go through this is

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 because i want to see how i can find
excess capacity in my business to generate more revenue and profit
without taking on more expenses reliability and i look at where my
current products exist on this cube and think could i go one to the left
or one of the right on any of these six so i'll say them again from the
top we've got the ratio of is it going to be 101 it can be small group
is gonna be one of many i've got what what level of effort are they
going to be putting in is it do it yourself done with you or done for
you right can i move either way on this the third is going to be what
level of support or what channels of support excuse me are the clients
going to get are they going to get only only text are they going to get
only phone calls are they going to get phone and call or can i have
different levels based on these channels like we have our lower level
which is just email and we've got a higher level which is phone and zoom
right the fourth is gonna be how i want them to consume this do i want
this to be a live experience or is a recorded experience do i want this
to be written audio or video how do i want them to consume information
for me as a business fifth is how can i make this more convenient or
less convenient how can i make this faster for them how can i increase
the speed of

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 communication with them right how can i
deliver that in a way that's going to be in a very real way more
valuable people pay for speed all right one of the easiest things in the
entire world is look at any service category that exists and see if you
can deliver the result in half the time just focus on that right i mean
amazon prime think about it they they created an entire a movement you
know with it they they change they transform the entire ecommerce space
simply by saying we're gonna get stuff to everyone in two days right now
one day and now hours right and then finally the creative process of 10x
to one tenth if i had if i if i were selling this for 10 times more than
i am right now what would i include that i'm not and then can i include
those in my current offering because i just didn't think about it and
then if i had to deliver more value than i currently am and i was excuse
me do this for one tenth of price what would i jam pack into that thing
and so this is the service delivery cube hopefully you found this
valuable so i don't choke on myself from this tickle that i'm trying to
keep down use this think through it and if you're if you're meeting with
your team and thinking how

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 can you provide more value this is one
of the easiest cubes that i like to walk through so lots of love keeping
awesome get you on the flip side like subscribe comment tell me some
questions uh and i will post some answers to them so keep it awesome
catch you soon bye
