https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb9ZOA6zypU

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i want to talk to you
about how i made my first million dollars in profit mind you the reason
i'm so big on profit rather than revenue is that at that point um i had
already made you know i was already making a couple million dollars a
year between all the different things that i was doing but i was taking
home basically nothing because i was so smart then i wasn't paying
attention to uh profit i was just looking at revenue trying to beef
myself up and feel status rather than thinking about what i was actually
taking home and um i told you in a different video how i i got a head-on
collision in a dui at 60 miles an hour on the highway and walked away
from it and that was kind of the catalyst that ended up changing my life
in a lot of ways mostly because i decided to confront decisions that i
had been putting off and make hard calls that i didn't want to make to
force myself to focus on one thing and so what i want to do in this
video is talk to you about the result of that decision and um what kind
of happened and transpired in the next six to 12 months which is
anything anything but a cinderella story i made the calls i i went all
in on gym launch i basically fire sold my other businesses and um just
as a quick

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 tangent on that like a lot of times i
think the great thing that we have um is sitting right in front of us
after we let go of of the things that are holding us down i'm a big
believer in the theory of constraint which is uh you know a system will
grow to to up to it's basically its bottleneck right and then until you
relieve that like systems will grow as long as they are not constrained
and so most of us are constrained in many ways and we just do not
recognize them which is why we have things called limiting beliefs it is
a constraint right and for me in a very real way i had constraints in
terms of um all the different things that i was allocating my attention
to i had you know i think literally like nine or ten business businesses
i'll use quotes here um that i was trying to run at the same time and i
was spread so thin that i could barely allocate anything and i was
working every hour of the day and i was drinking half a bottle of johnny
walker at night so i just go to sleep and so anyways i i got in the head
on collision i uh i decided to make the next uh the next move which was
going all in on gym launch and this is uh the beginning of yet another
hard road ahead um and so at this time for those who don't know i
started flying around and doing uh done for you gym launches and so what

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 that was was basically layla and i
would go and do a gym turn around i didn't like to use that word because
i didn't think gym owners liked it i was originally going to call it gym
rescue um but no one wants to be rescued so i called it jim launch and
everyone was okay with that name we would fly out uh two brick and
mortar facilities we'd sit at the front desk i would spend my own money
on on on everything so the offer was pretty simple i said i would fill
your gym in 30 days uh for free that was that was the offer i was like
i'll spend my own money on the ads i'll spend my own money on the hotels
the food the everything um and the deal is i just get to keep the
upfront cash that i collect and then everything afterwards that's
contract value you get to keep it was a pretty compelling offer right
they didn't have to do anything right they would just say yes and then i
would show up i think i'd ask for 500 to reserve the date just to make
sure that they wouldn't like not be there but i i made it a refundable
deposit um but anyways i would fly out and um we would spend all the
money in marketing and we would sell on average when layla and i would
go we saw an average about 200 people in 21 days so he'd average about
10 sales a day and then we would take you know then we'd fly to the next
one this is kind of what we had been doing in 2016 and i was

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 doing this while also having six gyms
and two agencies and and and all these other things that were going on
and i was spread wildly too thin and that's when i got in the dui and
then decided to end everything except for gym launch we ended up
basically i i had to shut i had to i sold five of the six gyms i shut
down the two agencies and then i had one gym that was left over and i
put the money from the sale of those other businesses which is not a lot
um into kind of the last facility the the partner that i had at that
facility um ended up feeling like i had been taking distributions
somehow from the business which i hadn't and then he took what he
believed was rightful compensation for him not being involved in that
gym anyways basically took the rest of the money out of the account and
so i basically was left with nothing so i was truly at this this you
know rock bottom moment of just gotten a dui i just got rid of all my
gyms i put all the money from those gyms into this last facility that
money got taken

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 and i um then decided to close that one
gym down and then when i did that i couldn't sell any more at that
facility to generate cash flow because i wanted to close it down i
didn't want to be involved in that gym anymore and so i basically
stomached rent and payroll out of there with no new cash flow coming in
and i watched my bank account basically go from some money to no money
and so at the end of that we shut the gym down i got tons of refunds and
things like that that ended up happening afterwards because people are
weird when you when you shut a business down so heads up and so we just
kept but the coach that i had at the time was just like just write the
checks do right by everyone and you'll be able to you know escape this
thing um unscathed emotionally and and more or less i did i was able
like that was some of the best advice i ever got like i just i didn't
try and pursue anything with the partner i just wrote the checks for all
the the the customers who even if even if we had fulfilled the services
we i just wrote the checks and i actually didn't layla wrote the

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 checks because i was i was so like
destroyed by this entire decision you know process but anyways i was
completely you know clean slate at that point i think all in all um i
had twenty three thousand dollars left over at that point and so uh
after after selling six businesses and all the stuff i had like nothing
left and this was hard for me because i just spent four years building
you know six facilities and all that stuff and i almost had nothing to
show for it and that was one of the biggest lessons that i've had is
that like you have all these skills and experiences and character traits
that you developed to show for it like the entrepreneurial journey is
one that improves you not anything else and so that's why i'm such a big
believer in that stuff because like i had these things these assets that
i did not value and what's crazy is that in the next you know 30 days or
so we did a hundred something thousand in sales and so i was like oh wow
we uh we can do this and so anywho um actually i think what ended up
happening is i had almost no money and then we did a launch and then i
after all the costs and everything i think i had 20 something thousand
um in in in

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 money for me the next month uh layla
and i said we were just focusing purely on this business she told all of
her friends from high school to quit their jobs right so she had six
friends from high school that all were doing mlm shake mix stuff um and
she said hey you know you should quit that and start selling this stuff
we can make 100 bucks a pop instead of you know making five dollars on
shake mix and they were all like awesome let's do it in between month
between uh i think it was like november-ish going into january which is
when we wanted to slate the six gyms that we were gonna launch at the
same time which of course makes sense right why go from one to two when
you could go from one to six because it's a brilliant idea of alex's
right and so we had one month in between where i was going to go launch
a gym with layla we were going to do like 100 grandish and then i was
going to be able to that was kind of going to be the restart money right
so here's what happens next i get a text from a guy he's like hey my
brother lives in the same city as uh where you're starting your new gym
and i was like uh not sorry doing a launch i was like okay he's like
yeah he's a salesman he really needs a job um he's got he's got a baby
and he's got another one on the way and um it might be a good

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 fit and so anyways i knew i needed to
take a month to kind of put all the resources together to start doing
the launches at six at a time and training the those sales guys and
everything so i was like okay that might might work because then i don't
have to spend all day selling and so anyways i trained him and he
crushed it in the next 30 days he did um i think 120 000 in sales in
december which is like a hard month to do it in and b it was a great
first you know launch for somebody who's new which also kind of proved
the model to me because i had done it laila done it we never had someone
else who wasn't like super tied to me doing it obviously was more
invested than just you know just an employee right at the time and so uh
it was awesome so i was like super excited i was like sick this hundred
grand is gonna be the launch money for the next thing this will be great
and so um at this point layla says this guy's a winner i'm gonna take
him home to meet my family which is hilarious because i was not a winner
at that time and so anyways i'm at her at her family's house christmas
eve and we had been selling for three weeks at this point so we had

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you know 70 80 000 in sales at this
point and what was weird was i was running all the the money through
just my gym processor because i still you know maintain the processing
uh like my pos and um and so anyways i always got deposits on tuesdays
and i was like huh this is weird we haven't gotten a deposit since like
i didn't get a deposit last tuesday and i was like okay that's odd and i
call them and they're like hey you know i gave it like three or four
days because i was like you know maybe it's delayed or something and it
had been a holiday because it was in the holiday season whatever and so
um the deposit's supposed to hit it doesn't i wait some days keep
checking doesn't hit i call them they say hey you're in an annual review
it's standard nothing to worry about and i was like that's weird i've
been with you guys for five years i've never had an annual review
interesting and then waited a couple days called again was like hey man
like we're really gonna need these funds like i need you to deposit
these um and they're like yeah it's we're we're just working through
some final things blah blah blah i was like all right and so christmas
eve uh i call them and uh we're supposed to launch six gyms starting on
the 26th so two days

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 later i called the guys up and i was
like i'm not getting off the phone until you send me the money like i'm
not like i need there's a hundred grand that's sitting there like i need
that money the guy was like sorry you know we're seeing some regular
activity uh in your account and this is because we had written all these
refund checks for for uh clients when i was closing down the gym the the
last gym that i had so there's been some regular activity this isn't the
way that um you know you're not you it seems like you have a virtual
business now that's not what this is intended for this is supposed to be
for a single brick-and-mortar location so we're going to hold on to all
the funds for six months and i i lost i lost it um and for those who
don't know me when i lose it i don't actually get like explosive i just
get incredibly cold and very mean and so i probably said some of the
meanest things like i didn't cuss i was just like i destroyed the
person's character that i was talking to on the phone like that person
questioned like why they were alive and so anyways i got off the phone
and uh layla and i as parents are supposed to go to the movies because
it's it's christmas eve and her dad was like you know he seems a little
stressed

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 \[Music\] she's like is he always this
way and um and of course i was a little bit stressed at that time um and
so here's what was crazy is that as we're going to the movie theaters
i'm just like completely numb i just was like i feel dead on the inside
and so we go to the theaters the movie's playing in front of me i'm not
even watching the movie layla holds my hand and she's like what's going
on i was like i'll tell you later she takes my pulse my resting pulse
was like 120 in a dark movie theater at age 27. i was stressed out of my
mind and so we left the movies um and i told her i was like the money's
not coming and she was like what do you mean i was like they're keeping
it she's like can they do that i was like apparently like this is the
first time i'd even known this that a processor can hold money and so
anyways i got home i still owed the salesman from the last month who had
done that huge launch like this this all these sales that had happened
and somebody had sold them right but i didn't collect the money from it
and so i owed a 22 000 commission check and i had 23 000 left

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 and it was on money that i never
received and so um in in congruence with the the lesson that i had
learned from you know the the clean exit of all these other things which
is like just do right by everyone and then you won't have any emotional
scars that you'll carry with you and so i wrote the check um actually i
wired it for 22 000 and i had a thousand dollars left um and that's when
we got home and i told layla you know everything that i'd done um i was
like i have a thousand dollars left and we were supposed to launch she
told her six friends to quit their jobs um and we were gonna start
launching gyms two days later on the 26th um and i was like i have a
thousand dollars and i have a credit card that has a hundred thousand
dollar limit i was like i will do this i was like but this could go
horribly wrong so you don't have to stay with me if you don't want to
and um that was like this was the moment for me that i that i knew i was
going to marry layla and she said i would sleep with you under a bridge
if it came to that she's like we'll get through it and that was when i
just like i wanted to like you know i would i would have been teary but
i was so emotionally numb at this

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 point that i just wanted to just like
keep moving forward and keep keep keep getting through it and so anyways
48 hours later um i make all the ads i set up all the campaigns all the
funnels all the everything's and uh i remember turning the campaigns on
for all the six locations that we're gonna do it's like off to on off to
on off on off to on and i remember i was sweating i was literally
sweating when this was happening because i just felt such dread i was
like this could literally just ruin me like right now i have no money
but i'm i've never i'm not in debt um and i'm going to be going in debt
at a at a rate of 3 300 per day of money that i do not have and so
anyways i turned it on and the six guys were at the locations i was and
it was 3 300 a day because i was paying for hotel airfare food car ad
spend and commissions every single day for six guys and i had remember i
had a thousand dollars right and so it was all coming out of a credit
card in the next 30 days um and we ended up getting canceled by the
processor right

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 i told you this at the beginning of
the story so i started all this and i had no way to process money so
these guys are getting leads they're making calls they're closing deals
and i can't process the money all right and so so we're sitting there
right and and and these contracts are just coming in right and we had
them scan them so we had this mobile app and we had this central dropbox
which of course is not pci compliant i had no idea what pci compliance
was um and so we had this uh one lady that we used to work fiji that i
was paying part-time to process this mind you i didn't understand what
like how much work this was because we were doing like 50 sales a day
right um between these locations at like 500 bucks a pop and i was
paying someone for part-time four hours a day of contract work which was
just insane it was like it was probably two people's worth of work and i
was paying somebody part-time it ended up that ended up blowing up
because she couldn't do that and her full-time job so and and we didn't
even have a way to process the money anyways right and so anyways we're
i'm calling

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 everybody i know to try and figure i
was like hey can you process this and then you can keep 10 and just send
me the rest of the money and people were like i don't know man like i
don't know if i want to do that and so no one would process the money
for me and so um i called you know every person i knew and then i
finally got in touch with a guy named alex roy at the time uh who
specialized in like high-risk processing which is basically the category
i was in at that time and he said i can get you set up and i was like
okay cool um he said but given the record that you have right now
because you just refunded all those all those people at the last okay
she's like they're gonna want a reserve which means they keep a certain
percentage no matter what um and they're gonna put a limit on how much
you can you can you can charge and i was like okay cool he said they'll
give you a 50 000 limit and i was like dude i i need like four times
that and he was like sorry man that's what i can get you um and so the
last week of january all right so we were doing you know we're doing
five six you know thousand a day um in sales maybe more than that and i
had no way of processing it right and the last week i get this processor
for 50 000 and i run i run 50 000 in a day right

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 and uh he's like okay here's the good
news is that it's per month so it was the end of he's like so this week
you can do 50 and then next week you can do 50. and then i'll see if i
can get more lined up more processors at 50k to allow you to start
processing for them and i was like okay fine so next week we do 50 on
that same processor and then we set up another one um and another one
another one and i was able to like catch this this falling plane as it's
going um and we ended up um somehow i think we ended up processing 100
grand actually that first one i think he got two people he got somebody
like the last day of the month and i processed another hundred um so
another 50 to get 100 for that first month and the next month i had
three processors so i was able to process 150 and things actually
started uh working out right so i you know we did a hundred thousand
which basically just covered my credit card bill which is doing 3 300 a
day right so i just boom i'm back to zero again but at least i like had
a way of getting out of this thing right so the next month i think we
did 150 or 180 i have the the chart in my book um 100 million offers uh
i can't

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 remember what it was but it was
somewhere in there and so i processed that february and we actually had
a profit that month so i was like holy cow like we i think we made like
30 or 40 grand and i was like oh my god i think we might we might get
out of this right but wait there's more there's more to the story it
gets worse and so i think we're i think i'm in in the home stretch right
and so then march rolls around all right so at this point people that we
had sold in january um we we were selling six-week weight loss programs
at local gyms all of a sudden i see this massive hit on the bank account
for a hundred grand and i was like whoa what's going on what happened
and it turned out that two of the facilities that we had launched in
january um and this is now at end of february beginning of march um they
told a number of their clients hey if you refund you can just sign up
through me and i'll do it for less and so we had already paid for the

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 airfare the flights hotels commissions
ad spend for all these sales so you know the margin on this was lowish
right i was probably running 20 margins and uh that hundred thousand
completely wiped out all of the savings that i had had over the next the
last month or two right um and uh and it was actually more than i could
even handle and so we had to sell more to cover the refunds and so this
is where things got even more fun and i say that sarcastically so this
is what happened next february we do more money march i know that we
have to sell even more so i hired two more sales guys we do eight
launches that month and that's to cover the refunds that are starting to
come in from january all right you can probably see where this is going
the refunds start getting worse there's more and more and more it turns
out after everything 35 of all of our of all of our sales that we were
making we're getting refunded which is an astronomical number that is
hard to even comprehend and it was because we had no control over the
fulfillment right so we were selling and then other people were filling
on

19 00:18:00.000 --\> 00:19:00.000 contracts that we had sold and so and
there was a lot of you know hey just refund sign up for me don't worry
because we'd be gone right we were already we'd already left the
location and these people were getting fulfilled on contracts and so we
didn't have the relationship with the customer the business owner did
and so it was a really dumb model from that perspective um i learned
right one of the lessons i learned there was control of like you want to
control everything end to end if you want a life lesson and so anyways
the next month uh we're we we have to sell more and so i think we did
280 000 the next month and i was like okay cool but all of the excess
cash that came from that from like the profit went into funding these
refunds from the month before and then refunds just kept going up and so
i knew that in april i was gonna have to sell even more to cover the
refunds from february and march and i felt like i was in a death trap i
was like i don't know how to get out of this like every month i have to
sell more to cover the refunds from the month before but then the cash
from these things somebody needed to cover the next month and sell even
more and honestly i had no idea what i was gonna do and so um all of a
sudden uh leila at this point

20 00:19:00.000 --\> 00:20:00.000 because she still has one foot out the
door a little bit because she's like i don't know about this guy um and
so this whole time she'd been living on like three thousand dollars a
month that she was getting from her like online coaching business so she
had transitioned her personal training clients to online um and she was
doing like three grand a month from that and i was like hey why don't we
take the middleman out of this we know how to mark and sell weight loss
let's just sell it online which by the way is a massive transition from
doing brick and mortar um but anyways i was like you know i was in
absolute desperation and so i wrote one of the best sales pages of my
entire life out of just sheer need it took me two days to write the
sales the sales letter maybe three and i didn't even like get up for the
computer i was just writing the sales letter and so um i started running
traffic to it and we started doing a thousand bucks a day um of just
online so there was no mard there was no uh it was all margin right
minus ad spend and i was like holy cow this could work right and so we
had eight sales guys since i was like okay we can tell these guys they
don't have to sell gyms anymore they can sell from home they can see
their wives and we can do 8 000 a day because if we're doing a thousand
just just with her selling we could do 870 more guys and do 8 000 a day

21 00:20:00.000 --\> 00:21:00.000 and so i told the guys the next month
uh the gyms that were lined up to launch the next month hey we're not
gonna we're not gonna be doing this anymore sorry we're gonna be going
another direction and they were like hey man like we need this and um i
was like sorry man like it's just it's just i'm not doing that model
anymore and um they're like well can you show us what you're doing
because like my friend told me that you signed up like 200 people at his
gym in like three weeks and i was like nah man sorry and uh he was like
dude please like and i was like i'm not flying out there man i'm sorry
i'm not doing it um and so anyways push comes to shove i was like fine
i'll show you how to do it i was like but i'm not flying out there to
save your ass you can't sell he's like no no that's fine he was like
well how much to show me how to do it and um at the time i picked what
was the highest number i could possibly imagine in my head which was six
thousand dollars and i said that because i didn't want him to say yes
and um because i didn't want to do it i just wanted to move on because i
was so hopefully at this point you see how you know scarred i was by all
of these experiences leading up to this um and

22 00:21:00.000 --\> 00:22:00.000 the guy said okay and i looked at the
phone and was like you got to be kidding me and i was like holy crap and
so it was six thousand dollars and then i had seven more guys that i was
supposed to call you know to tell them that i wasn't gonna do their
launch the next month and so the next conversation i had i was like well
shoot if i'm gonna do it i guess i guess i have to make it now that i
sold one of them this whole program um next guy same conversation with
the same way and he was like well how much i was like eight grand he was
like okay and i was like holy cow and then uh every single one after
that uh said yes and ended up doing sixty thousand dollars in sales in a
day and i i looked at layla and i was like we might be able to get out
of this and um at that time as much as people talk about the romantic
like vision and strategy and and impact and saving lives and all this
stuff like it wasn't any of that i was just trying to be able to not be
in debt and pay to pay the bills that were mounting every single month
off and so i knew that i needed to make like 150 000 in profit in

23 00:22:00.000 --\> 00:23:00.000 the next like 30 days or so in order
for this to work right and um this was the only way i could do it and so
what i did was i i called you know those guys they all bought and then i
called up every gym that we had launched at that point which was like 32
i think and i called every one of those guys was like hey you know how
we filled your gym up uh want me to show you how i did that and they
were like yeah that would be great that's exactly what we did and so i
ended up doing like 300 000 in sales the next month selling a digital
product which was um actually more like a consulting type thing and
here's what's crazy the next 30 days the average gym that used the
consulting program jim launch did 30 000 in collected cash not contract
not contract not anything like that but 30 000 in sales in the next 30
days and uh and then that is when everything took off like a rocket
because every single one of those guys told every person that they knew
that was in the gym space like dude i just did this

24 00:23:00.000 --\> 00:24:00.000 thing and it killed that was what gave
birth to jim launch as it became the consulting company the licensing
company where we licensed out all the materials all the ads all the copy
all the scripts how to set up the the lobbies and the thing is is that
when people ask me about the story and this is you know now we're six
months into 2017 at this point so i've gone through like the hardest 18
months of my entire life that is when we just went from uh i think we
did a hundred grand that first you know month or last last few weeks
then we did 300 then 480 then 780 then a million then one two then one
five one eight two two two like we just kept we just grew like like a
rocket and a lot of people think it was because of the marketing that i
was running at that point but it wasn't there was a lot of it was just
the word of mouth and the actual product worked you know what i mean um
and i use that as an example because like right now i launched the book
100 million offers it's 99 cents um with one post

25 00:24:00.000 --\> 00:25:00.000 on my instagram which is not that big
um of a following and right now it sells about a thousand copies a day
with no funnels no ads no whatever um and it's because the product was
good you know i mean people talk if the product's good and with this
product i was able to charge an egregious amount of money but it was
because we charged because we were making people so much money like if i
if i gave you a system that made 30 000 on average in the first 30 days
how much is that system worth right most guys charge you know for
franchises they'll charge 500 000 for a system that does something like
that right and i was just charging 16 grand because i was like holy cow
like they're gonna make double their money in the first 30 days if they
just do this right and i was so i knew every aspect every piece of this
process because i had done it not only for my six gyms but for the 30
plus that we had launched and so like i knew the differences between
different markets i knew how to train sales guys to get them to do it i
knew how to position the offer i knew how to do the layout of the sales
room in the lobby so you could maximize the amount of people that you
could sell i knew how to do the nutrition consultations the next day so

26 00:25:00.000 --\> 00:26:00.000 you could cover all the ad spend um
just with product sales right like i knew all these things because i did
it and so i tell this story to illustrate one thing one is that what you
are going through now doesn't mean like your work works on you more than
you work on it i was developing skills character traits and beliefs
through this entire three four five six year period of just of just
eating that i did not know was for me and so we think that the first
business the second business the fifth business you start is going to be
the business that's going to be it for you but like the journey is long
you know what i mean and you accumulate these skills and these beliefs
and these traits over time and uh those become the things those are your
actual assets right the businesses are just manifestations of those
assets in reality and so as a as as these things took off right um my
you know my life radically transformed uh and the piece that i i get a
lot of questions about is like how can i do what you did in my space or
in my niche

27 00:26:00.000 --\> 00:27:00.000 or my whatever and the thing is is
people want to skip the first five years of the story right the first
five years was that i i didn't sell a question how to make ten thousand
dollars a month from a gym when i had my first gym i didn't do that when
i had a second i didn't do that when i had a third i didn't do that one
out of fourth i didn't do that when i had a fifth i didn't do that when
i had a sixth right um because i didn't feel like i was good enough and
it was only uh and even then i started doing the launches as the next
thing because i wanted to make sure that everyone always got way more
value than they paid me which was zero they paid me nothing that i would
fill their gym up pretty good deal right no risk for them and so i did
that for almost two years doing the doing the gym launches right where
we'd fly out and you already know how that went which was difficult and
hard for me but i learned so much i learned how to run a virtual sales
team i learned how to do all these things so that when i did have the
next opportunity that lined up for me we went from zero to 30 million in
the next year in revenue because i had accumulated all of these skills
in these character traits that i would not otherwise have had and so a
lot of people want to just

28 00:27:00.000 --\> 00:28:00.000 jump to that part but they don't have
the skills they don't have the character traits they don't have the
beliefs that align with what they want to achieve and so i'm a big
believer that the foundation that you set is going to dictate the height
of the peak of the pyramid that you want to build within your life and
the business that you want to grow and so most people have a very small
foundation they took a course and then they want to start selling how to
you know run facebook ads right or whatever and so the the reality is
that they're just not good enough and that's why the thing that they
have just doesn't work that well which is why it doesn't make money
which is why they don't make money right because the amount of money
that you'll be made that you'll make will be will be will be predicted
by the value that you provide to the marketplace that's always what it
is i know this is a longer story but i think that hopefully it
illustrates one that the path is not straight uh two uh it is is fraught
with difficulty and and mind you me telling you the very the quote end
of this story is that like oh yeah and then you know everything took off
like a rocket all of these types of problems there was different
problems that we had to solve then which is like how do you double

29 00:28:00.000 --\> 00:29:00.000 every month and somehow keep up with
high quality service and and support and and train talent while also
bringing new people in and keep a culture um in all of these things but
at the end of the day the product brought us so much forgiveness from
our customers because they were just all making so much money um using
the systems that we had laid out that we were able to build the
infrastructure as as the plane was flying uh you know during the journey
and so anyways that was um that was the transition of me going from
broke and looking up bankruptcy lawyers to uh we did three million in
profit just in the last like four or five months of that year and then
the next year we did 17 million in profit um and that was because i
switched from a a service to uh to media which has uh no cost of
reproduction so there's significantly higher gross margins on it which
is a better opportunity vehicle and what's interesting about this and
i'll just i'll i'll hit this because i can probably make a video on this
one concept alone but i think it's worth highlighting is that when i had
my gyms

30 00:29:00.000 --\> 00:30:00.000 right that i had relatively the same
skill set right i knew how to help people lose weight i knew how to you
know i needed a market i knew how to sell i had these locations all of
that from there i transitioned to a done-for-you sales model right and i
made more money right now i had some issues it's funny because i could
look at that model now and fix it in two seconds because it's obvious
what i would need to do to change the model but i didn't do that but i
made more money in terms of revenue um and you know in terms of net
margins i was making more but there was holes in the in the actual way
the model was designed which is why i had to do with all these other
things and then finally we switched to licensing um code and media right
and that is where you know the highest gross margins exist and so i had
the same skills right um but as my beliefs changed and my character
traits changed and developed uh i was able to switch into better and
better opportunity vehicles for the same set of skills and that is what
that was what ended up creating the the fortune that layla and i were
able to you know amass in this period of time um and it was because of
of that

31 00:30:00.000 --\> 00:31:00.000 transition through different vehicles
repackaging the same skills and so the first step in this is getting the
skills to to repackage and i think most people just want to skip that
part which is the rocky cut scene that every single person that i know
is successful does that no one wants to talk about every every single
great big business owner that i know has had these years of thankless
work where they develop these skills these traits um in these beliefs
that end up setting them free and everyone wants to just take the the
one course and thinks they're gonna become a millionaire in six months
and it's just not the case and so um many people are far ahead of me in
their entrepreneurial journey you know than i was in my first two years
three years five years and so i i tell the story to hopefully give
anyone hope who's like two years in and isn't making money it's like
well multiply that by three and then that's about where i was where i
started making real money so um anyways lots of love mosey nation uh
love you all my name is alex for moses i'm on acquisition.com we do
about 85 million a year in revenue and i have absolutely nothing to sell
you um keep being awesome if you did enjoy this hit the subscribe button
and i'll see you in

32 00:31:00.000 --\> 00:32:00.000 the next video and if you didn't like
this then i love you either way all right lots of love i'll see you then
bye
