https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3cSPJDlcVc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 if you're stuck in your business then
this video will help you get unstuck so this morning i was reached out
to by a business owner who's doing about one and a half million dollars
a month in revenue and he was like hey man i'm kind of stuck doing what
i'm doing and i just don't know anyone who's in my space who does more
than two million dollars a month he's in the online marketing space and
i thought that was really interesting and we had a good conversation
about it and so i wanted to share um what we talked about and so the
first thing is i completely oppose that viewpoint and i think this is so
interesting because the reason we get stuck in our business is because
we either have a belief that is incorrect we there's this character
trait that we lack where there's a skill deficiency we don't know how to
do what we need to do we don't know how to be who we need to be we don't
believe what we need to believe right that's what we think about the
world and so whenever i'm looking at a business or business owner or
myself and i'm stuck at a certain level i think is this a belief that
i'm lacking or that that's wrong is it a trait that i have that i need
or i need to change or is there a skill right and a lot of times it
depends on who you're talking to but you need all three and a lot of
people who are just really

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 good at character development only talk
about traits people are really good at skill development only talk about
skills and people who are kind of like a little bit more woo and they
talk about beliefs but you need all three right and so when i was
talking to this guy he said you know no one's in the online space making
more than two million dollars a month and i thought this was interesting
because when i came into the gym space with our first company there was
no one who's making more than three million dollars a year in that space
and um for those who don't know you know we grew that company to 30
million a year plus and so we 10xed what the biggest person in the space
was doing at the time and so a lot of that's kind of like running the
four-minute mile for the first time is like just because no one has done
it doesn't mean it's not possible and so you know for this individual i
was like we'll break it down to physics right break it down like tell me
why you think that you can't get past that no one excuse me that no one
can get past 2 million a month like why is there not enough customers
right and he's mass market so of course there's enough customers it's
like so so tell me like why can you not do it right as we're talking
about this i want you to think like think about your business right um i
get research all the time like hey

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 i'm doing you know two million dollars
a year i'm doing 5 million a year i'm doing 10 million a year i just
don't think we can grow any bigger within our market now there are real
market constraints right so for example if you were if you were serving
chiropractors and there's 50 000 chiropractors in the united states if
you had all 50 000 of them then yes you wouldn't be able to grow in that
space and then at that point you could grow adjacent and so then at that
point your business would still would continue to grow and it's normal
for businesses to go vertical to vertical and expand uh horizontally in
that way but in if you're in a mass market business or a business that
serves consumers in any any way the entire marketplace is your base and
so when he said that he doesn't know anyone who's doing over two million
dollars a month that is a belief issue right i'm like well let me give
you this one to think with well if you have 10 competitors and each of
them are doing 2 million a month then it means that one of you could be
better than all of you and make 20 million a month say with that for a
second think about it because when i when i looked at the gym space when
i got into the very beginning i looked at all of the people who were out
there and i saw that all of them were doing one to three million

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 a year and so i was like if i'm better
than all of them then i should be able to do 30 million i should be able
to add up all of their businesses and that should be what my business
should be able to do and so if you think about like that like it is a
hundred percent that way how much do people spend on logistics and you
know fulfillment right how much do people spend in consumer can you
imagine jeff bezos like in the in the early days of amazon thinking to
himself like well like you just can't get past 10 million a year just
can't get past 100 million a year like there are so many people the
reason that people get limited is because of their beliefs and the
reality is because they don't have one of those three things and so with
this individual i first started with the belief i said do you believe
it's possible that you can get there because like if we don't have that
then nothing can happen right and so i was like well let's just add up
all your competitors is there any reason that you couldn't just get all
of their revenue right i was like well no okay cool so that one's done
traits well this one is like are you are you patient enough to see it
out um with which and part of that comes to the fact of like if you
believe you're making a positive impact right you believe that your
product or service

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 really is benefiting the world which is
honestly what i think one of the biggest issues is a lot of people don't
really genuinely when they look at themselves in the mirror at night
believe that the product is good enough and so subconsciously they do
not push it further than to meet their own individual needs think about
that for a second like if you if you've matched your own individual like
you've you've capped out your ability to spend money and and like your
ability to generate money the only reason to make more money past that
if you're a self-aware individual is because you actually believe the
thing that you have is going to help more people and so it shifts from
being a self-centered focus to another center-focused process right and
so that person may not have the traits or the like to have that like to
do that right and the third is like he might not be able to grow because
he lacks the skills like he might not have the skills of of recruiting
somebody to uh open a new sales channel right he might not have the
skill himself to do it or the skill to find someone because those are
two different ways to think about it like you can always acquire the
skill which is how do i do it uh or you can have the you know probably
the wealthier mindset of like well who can do this right and so then you
can make you can approach that but as long as you know

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 what needs to happen then you can find
the who now if you are completely unaware because i get this question
all the time like what at what point do i bring someone in to like run
my business for me so i had someone asked me this yesterday they were
making i think like 50 or 100 a month i can't remember what it was and i
was like dude like you're just starting you don't even mean like you're
just getting into the game like what's the you know i mean like you
don't need to have like is your market capped is there a reason that you
like why do you want to do this right and i think it's because they
didn't really believe in the thing right that they're selling because if
you believe in the thing then you want to you want to be the one who's
driving it you know and continuing to grow it over time so anyways all
that to say right now if you're stuck right or you perceive yourself to
be stuck i would break down is there an actual cap on how big my market
is right and have i sold 100 of my marketplace i sold 30 of my
marketplace and if you're in like the one percent of your marketplace or
half a percent of your marketplace or 0.1 percent of your marketplace
you haven't capped your market you just have capped your skill or your
beliefs or your traits and so then i would look at okay well if all my

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 competitors are doing this put together
then there's no reason i can't get all of that or half of that if i were
way better than all of them right if you were better because each one of
those businesses has a specific way they acquire customers a specific
way of fulfilling those customers right and so if you knew how to do
each one of those things and you did it better than them then there's no
reason that you couldn't beat them right and so if you think about that
then then all of a sudden that should break the limit that you have on
how much you can actually make within your current vehicle then you get
forced to look at the other two which is like is there a trait that i
lack or is it a skill that i lack uh in getting to where i want to go
and so this was the conversation i had with him at the end of the
conversation like wow i guess i can get this thing to 10 million a month
etc and i was like right and so um that was the entire purpose of this
video is that if you are stuck and you are thinking that you are capped
you might be but it's not because your market oftentimes it's because of
your beliefs a trait or a skill that you lack and then figuring out
which one it is and then attacking it is usually the way to go through
it so anyways hope you found value in this video keeping awesome hope
you like my mobile studio setup we are we're rocking the colorado
mountains it's beautiful up here and i hope you guys uh are having an
amazing day catch you guys soon bye
