https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzswhUHnTHA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i gave away two million dollars
personally uh donated to uh after-school all-stars in the form of cash
and uh and actual physical products we gave 250 000 bands uh like
workout bands uh like digital ones you know what i mean like fit fit
fitbits 250 000 kind of fitbits to uh to kids in underprivileged city so
we could encourage them to get fit and healthy and we donated 1.2
million to to fund the staffing and i can truthfully tell you that when
i did that i did it because i wanted to feel better and i can tell you
now that it didn't actually make me feel that much better i share that
because i don't know how many people would say that um and i just want
to keep this keep this channel 100 real i think a lot of times at least
for me like i want to do things because i want to find meaning and um i
had a really really interesting conversation and so the other day i had
a four-hour conversation uh with what i'll say a friend of mine but i
consider him a friend hopefully he considers me a friend dr john berardi
and he sold his

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 company of the majority stake in his
company for over nine figures and he doesn't do anything right now
actively i've had two unbelievable conversations with john and i'm
always very grateful for my time with him there were two statements that
he made through that four hours that have stuck with me um since then
and one from the former conversation that i had with him that really
kind of changed my my life and my outlook and from the first
conversation what he talked about was how he said you need to look at
things and consume content for people who are outside of the matrix and
i was like what do you mean by that he was like everyone's inside of the
matrix everyone is trying to make money right everyone's trying to make
money they're operating from a place of scarcity they're operating from
a place of desire of wanting something more than what they currently
have and whenever they're doing that they're like they're operating from
a different energy level and i don't think he used that exact word but
that's that's kind of how i perceived it and that was like my big
takeaway from the first one and i think that between my first
conversation my

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 second was about six or nine months i'm
feeling this kind of shift that's happening within us you know laila and
i as we as we start this channel and you know we write the book which
you guys if you haven't heard of it's 100 million offers uh it's got a
lot of good reviews it's 99 cents i made it 99 cents because i want
everyone to be able to afford it that's as cheap as jeffy b will let me
do it um and so yeah i'm still true to the to the cause of having
nothing to sell you all right um and anyway so i had this conversation
with john and the first question i asked him when i shifted the
conversation to kind of personal stuff i said now that you you know
you've made what you have you made your exit i was like you know how how
do you create and destroy meaning he was like huh that's an interesting
question and i was like like in work like how do you create and destroy
meaning in the things that you work on and he paused and he looked at me
and i felt like he was staring into my soul and he was like why do you
think work needs to be meaningful i was like ah okay and this is why i
love talking to people who who are who are outside of the matrix right
there's so much perspective and

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 later in the conversation i was like
well then outside of work you know like how do you gain meaning and he's
like why do you think work why do you think life needs to be meaningful
and he's like just hold for a second so if you say that life has to be
meaningful then what happens is you create this desire right that life
must be a certain way which means we're not accepting life as it
currently is and as soon as we say that life has to be a certain way it
must be meaningful then we create this deficit this deficiency between
where we are and where we want to be and so in so doing we create the
deficiency that we're trying to avoid by saying it must be a certain way
and i was like ah god and so it just made me realize a lot of the you
know i in the in the in the book i think my first book jim long secrets
which is a gym book for transparency this book is for all businesses uh
but my first book was a gym book and i think the opening passage uh says
is from orson scott card we question all of our beliefs except for those
that we truly believe and those who never think to question at all and i
always take that to heart because the beliefs that we truly hold dear
are the ones that we don't eat they operate

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 in the background of our minds their
assumptions that we make on how the world is and how it's supposed to be
how it must be how it should be right what we have to do right i'm like
i must create meaning i should work should be meaningful but by creating
that i end up creating an equation of deficiency which then ends up
making or forcing myself to not experience that right and so i'll tell
you a quick story so when i was in college i dated a girl who was really
really obsessed with happiness and she might be completely over this
chapter in her life i'm sure she is but at the time she was really into
happiness and positive psychology she even majored in psychology so
everything was always like does this make me happy does this make me
happy does this make me happy right so it's like we're studying for a
thing he's like does this make me happy and so for me i ended up
actually getting really sick of that concept because i felt like i was
always analyzing and being like no like this doesn't make me happy right
i got so frustrated with it i got so in my head about like happiness
happiness happiness

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 that i remember that i gave myself the
mantra happiness and so as soon as i said this is how i'm going to live
i was like happiness i'm just going to get done and i'm going to move
forward i feel like i ended up actually experiencing more joy in the
work that i was doing i didn't realize this but as as we kind of reached
another quote mountaintop or whatever you want to call it as we've kind
of succeeded in business and whatnot we i created another happiness uh
placeholder right which i now called meaning or fulfillment right by
doing that i created yet another equation of deficiency in my own life
which is always analyzing my work and saying is this meaningful do i get
fulfillment from this and all of that kind of jazz but for me what ends
up happening is like if i go donate all this money and i feel nothing i
feel like i failed right and and then the question is like when you
donate are you do should you feel better i assumed that i was supposed
to feel better right feel good but i didn't this has been kind of the
the thing that i am

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 doing right now or at least this is
what i'm thinking through so i'm sharing this with the channel it has
been i used the word it's been meaningful for me to give myself the
excuse or give myself permission rather to not find meaning in things
and that has been unbelievably freeing which is just giving myself
permission to work on things that i may or may not find meaningful but
to simply do the thing and i i think that for me giving myself
permission to not find meaning has allowed me to accept reality as it
currently is and by accepting it as it currently ends is i have i do not
have a deficiency that i must resolve between where i am and where i
think it should be and by doing that i have um i've you know i've just
i've enjoyed the process more so i'll put it that way i have less uh
less anxiety around those things not to see that anxiety is bad it is a
human condition or part of the human condition um but it has been

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 something that i have experienced by by
first saying happiness earlier in my life and then creating meaning as
the new happiness thing that i should be striving for and again i think
now it's removing meaning or destroying the idea that something should
be meaningful should not be meaningful that has been very very valuable
for me simply focusing on the work at hand and doing it well according
to my values which is whether this is meaningful or not the way that i
choose to live is according to these values and is the way that i am
completing this work is the way that i am showing up on this meeting is
the way that i am conducting myself is the way that i am making this
decision in alignment with those values and in thinking like that i feel
like i am able to do it in the present rather than in the future i'm
able to walk with the values that i choose rather than try and pursue
meaning in and of itself which created a deficit between where i was and
where i wanted to go

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 which created a negative experience
again not that negative experience are bad but i have a preference of
not having them if i can avoid them i show you this i know this is a
little bit more heady than more more of my my natural stuff talking
about money but um i guess i make this because i know a lot of
entrepreneurs are like me hopefully maybe not not hopefully like me but
hopefully they're just like themselves but if you were like me in that
you strive for these things i can tell you that i got no more meaning
from giving lots of money away um at all taking the actions that i am
taking with the intention of being aligning being in alignment with the
values that i find meaningful has been the thing that has been truly
freeing for me mentally and i make this channel because it feels in
alignment with my values i wrote the book and the books because they're
in alignment with my values you know building acquisition.com and and
taking interest in the companies that we do in our portfolio has been in
alignment with the values rather than saying is this

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 company meaningful is my work with
this company meaningful because here's the one that really gets me
tricked up and this is also something that john brought up which is like
admitting that and again this may be contrary to a lot of people's
religious beliefs i don't mean to offend anyone that is not my intention
here but my belief my viewpoint of the world is that when we die nothing
happens and when you and legacy is a myth and so when the idea of taking
money and then having my kids right then have something i think that
ruins people i think wealth without the skill of acquiring the wealth is
uh like my favorite magic card of all time might take the gathering um
there's card called burning wish the flavor text on the card is she
wished for a weapon but for not the skill to wield it and i always
thought that was so profound because when you give i feel like money is
power right it's just raw energy that you can either you know you create
hospitals you can build bombs with it whatever you want you can do it
with money but if you don't have the skill of learning how to master and
wield money which is in which

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 is really just learning how to get it
to flow to you if you don't have that skill that those traits right if
you get it it's like having all this raw power and i think it ruins
people and so i already knew layla and i already decided and we just
signed our will this is probably why this is top of mind for me we
signed our wills a few days ago and when we did that i realized that we
don't have kids and everything that i've amassed and what's probably
going to become a pretty big fortune when we die i'm just donating
anyways because i believe that even if i did have kids one i wouldn't
give it to him and if i did choose to give it to him here's how i think
how crazy this is from a legacy standpoint a hundred generations from
now you're diluting your gene pool you know 100 multiplied like factored
right and so it's like you know cutting by half cutting by half cutting
by half cutting by half times 100 right and that's assuming that humans
are still around 100 generations from now but if they were i'm still not
even any way related to these people and i kind of ruined them anyways
because i'm giving them wealth that they don't control and don't
understand how it was

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 generated right and they definitely
don't remember who i was not that that's that i need that but like just
being real and the other alternative is that in 100 generations there
won't be any humans right and in that case then the legacy doesn't
matter either and so that was what was kind of like my ultimate
wraparound with this of meaning is that nothing inherently has meaning
which als also gives us the power to create and destroy meaning as we
see fit but more importantly to rise above meaning and say why am i
saying that things should or should not be meaningful and answering and
examining that question has been very valuable for me as an entrepreneur
because in some ways it's freed up a lot of my attention because of this
continued obsession i had or that i have tendencies towards towards only
doing things that are meaningful when in fact i feel like my an easier
thing that has been useful for me has been am i doing things that are in
alignment with my values and those values to me are meaningful in and of
themselves and that is all and they don't have to be that way they
shouldn't be that way but for me doing actions in that way rather

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 than putting it and casting in the
future has been a useful mental exercise and so um i don't know where
you're at in your journey but my name is alex mozy in a portfolio of of
companies that do about 85 million a year i have absolutely nothing to
sell you my goal with acquisition.com is to help entrepreneurs uh build
their businesses and you know get financial freedom the way that we
structured everything is i give away everything um so the courses the
books this book you can get for 99 cents i have this is the first of a
big series of volumes that i'm making um of the real stuff that actually
helped us build these companies um and then with the hopes that uh that
we can help invest in some of the the bigger ones that that succeed
using those materials so anyways um lots of love keep being amazing and
uh i will see you guys next video alright hit subscribe if you liked it
and if you didn't i still love either way that's what bye
