https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kULFeI3LRYk

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to explain to
you exactly why the courses that you buy are not making you money and it
is not for the reason that you think this was um kind of prompted
because i was tagged in something where someone was like i thought this
guy sucked and it was because i heard some other guy talking about him
and so i just immediately you know made a judgment and now i started
watching his youtube and i read his book i remember all offers you can
get it for 99 cents and i was like oh this guy is pretty legit and for
some reason this has got me hit my head racing on a number of different
topics and i tried to write them all down on my phone so i could make
this for you but i'm going to explain to you why your course didn't make
you money i'm going to explain how you can try and use get the best out
of courses how you can know how to use judgment and when to apply it and
finally i'll explain to you why spanish is a scam all right lots of lots
of pack stuff today first off the reason the course that you bought
didn't make you money is oftentimes because the thing that the

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 course taught is not the only thing
that is required to make money and so for example if i were to learn how
to do math do i need to know how to do math in order to be good at
business yes does knowing math make me good at business no it is a
subset superset relationship do i need to know how to write copy to be
good at business yes if i only know how to write copy will i make money
no the reality is that in order to get the first dollar across the
bridge it's much more important to see it as a bridge from where you are
and where you're trying to go and each one of the bricks represents a
skill that you'll need if you do not have one of the bricks you will not
be able to continue to pass the difficulty in what most people have is
that they continue to reinforce one brick and they still have a gap so
it's like i take six different courses on copywriting but copywriting
isn't the link that is broken in the bridge to get you from where you
are to where you want to go and get that first dollar

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 across or get the increase in dollars
across because if you want to think about it differently think about it
like a pipe and right now you've got let's say thick tubes for the vast
majority of the pipe so you could have lots of water that's flowing here
but then you have this tiny little tube over here because it's a
weakness in the system and it affects the overall throughput from your
entire business right you should think about business in my opinion like
a pipe right you've got eyeballs over here and you've got uh money over
here right it's everything that happens from eyeballs to headlines to
ads to copy to clicks to conversions to sales to upsells etc all of that
is just this process where eyeballs get turned into money and so if you
can just shift your perspective from like i bought a course on
copywriting or i bought a course on facebook ads or whatever it is and i
didn't make money it's not because the course was bad maybe it was but
that's not the point the point is that it's probably because you're
missing another piece of the puzzle and that's why it takes so long for
so many people when they get into the game and they get so frustrated at
the beginning because everybody tells the

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 story i bought all these courses didn't
work for me and then i finally got this thing and then it all took off
but many times that last course was just the last piece of a bridge that
other people helped you build and i think that if you can shift that
perspective you'll stop a having such negative you know views around
some of the earlier teachers in your life and then you'll also be able
to just spot the gap in your learning and then attack it ruthlessly and
i think that's one of the things that most people don't do is they just
start continuing to learn about the things that they enjoy rather than
continue to focus on the things that they lack now sure doubling down on
your strength from a large perspective is a very good idea but the
business as a whole especially if you're a solopreneur right or an
entrepreneur who's starting out and only has a team of five maybe 10
people like the business has to do all of these things period so you can
be you know skewed in a certain direction you might be better at
acquisition you might be better at product maybe better fulfillment
whatever it is right you might be better at those things than like
learning about that stuff but in order for the business to be successful
all of these roles have to exist

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 and even if you don't want to
specialize in it you still need to know enough about it to be dangerous
so you can make a judgment on how good someone else is to make to know
if they can fit into your business so i wanted to cover that first off
the second thing is that for some reason and actually for some reason
i'll tell you exactly what the reason is people get very upset about
courses they buy on the internet and yet for some reason no one is upset
about the fact that they took four years of spanish and can't speak a
lick of spanish hmm why is that because of expectations it's all it is
it's because of expectations they believe or maybe you believe i don't
know that if you buy a course right that immediately you should be
successful and i'm gonna be here to tell you that that's not true and
that's because if you just show up at school i mean shoot some people
enroll in classes and never show up is like if you enroll in a spanish
class and never show up is the is spanish a scam probably not

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 do you believe that it's possible that
there are good students and bad students just like there are good
teachers and bad teachers do you think it's possible that half of
students are below average half of the people watching this might be
below average hmm interesting and so if half the people that take an
educational course are below average then it would be reasonable that
half the people take a course will get bad results now a good teacher
can shift that percentage and but the thing is is what ends up happening
is it's a bell curve right and this is studied a zillion times over
classes and humans exist in a bell curve and so a good teacher can move
the bell curve one direction or other but they're still going to be the
outliers in the front and the outliers on the back and so the reason
that people get upset is because of the expectations they cast upon what
they believe they're going to get and i think part of that's a fault of
the marketing and the sales process etc and don't get me wrong i think
there's definitely things that can be improved there but i think that
you can try and wish and cast stones on those people um or you can just
understand going into it that there's a responsibility that you would
have as a student just like if you went to college

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 to do a certain amount of stuff and the
reason i'm bringing this up is because i genuinely am super passionate
about education in general over half the companies our portfolio our
education and training companies i believe in vocational type uh
training stuff which is why you know our gym company is basically how to
run a gym right and um you know companies that i like are like niche
expertise type things like how to run an auto shop how to run a plumbing
business like because that stuff doesn't get taught anywhere when i look
at the educational system as a whole i think almost everybody watching
this especially if you're in my channel we can agree that the education
system as a whole has failed us you know learning about aztec literature
probably isn't isn't going to serve us in the real world and so i think
that the reason all of the e-learning is booming is because education
has failed to keep up with the times and it's wildly overpriced the
value to price proposition is one of the most laughable in the entire
world they settled an entire generation with debt and no way to repay it
you get to the end of four years you're 100 000 in debt and and you have
literally no more skills that will qualify you for a job you can get the
same jobs before and

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 after a four-year degree it's nuts and
so the reason that you know acquisition.com exists for us is so that we
can hopefully you know my goal is to is to build the new world of
education which is how people can actually get skills that can feed
themselves and it was because i went to some of you guys may not may not
know this but i went to vanderbilt um i graduated magnetic and bloody in
three years so i was a good student i don't have the typical
entrepreneurial journey of like teachers never understood me and like i
i always messed around and couldn't pay attention like i didn't have
that like i i worked really hard and i got good grades and despite that
nothing that i learned at vanderbilt at all in any class was more
valuable than any course i've ever bought in e-learning how crazy that
is right like i've bought courses on freaking everything i bought
courses on youtube ads ball courses on on copywriting i bought courses
on sales i bought multiple courses on sales i bought i mean everything
you can possibly imagine i bought mentorship or workshops i bought
seminars all of these things

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 if you were to spend the same hundred
thousand dollars that you spent on a four-year degree versus spending a
hundred thousand dollars on the in the e-learning community on the on
the most vetted courses and go through them and give yourself four years
to be successful if you compare the two people it's apples and oranges
it's not even close in terms of income generation that they get in that
same comparison which is why i'm so pro e-learning in general i wanted
to hit on this because i think it's so important and this is why people
get upset and they buy one course and they think i didn't make a million
dollars and therefore all e-learning is bad which is just like such a
poisonous thought that i just hope that if you're watching this you
don't feel that way because you will like the moment you decide you
don't want to learn in online it's the new world you don't even like i
don't even know what to say like it's it's the new world and i make this
channel so that anybody who who doesn't want to spend any money you can
have access to everything i've courses for free at acquisition.com um
i'm publishing 10 books and i'm giving them away at 99 cents because i
can't give them cheap on amazon um so that everyone can happily and i
made these as textbooks so that you can actually know like this

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 is a this is how you make an offer
right and this is how you can start your business um and start selling
stuff anyways not not to go more into that but one your course didn't
make you money because it's probably not the weak link in your chain
number two you're probably upset about it because the expectations that
you had was that if i buy this thing i will make lots of money and
that's partially follow the marketing of the people who are selling the
course so i'll agree with you there but overall if you remove that
expectation there's lots of good stuff defining courses and i've and
i've learned basically everything i know from courses and application
one thing that i think is important is that if you were in a service
business right or you are somebody who's trying to learn a skill like i
said earlier you have to come a certain percentage the teacher has to
come a certain percentage and the better the teacher the less skilled
the student needs to be but at the end of the day if i take a course or
i go into a workshop or i take you know do whatever i know because of
who i am that i am going to get a return on my money because i will find
something to learn i've learned from bad courses because i'm like these
are things that i'm not going to

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 do when i build my course and that has
been valuable to me and so a lot of people just create themselves as
victim and continue to play the story like woe is me you just gotta get
over it because no one cares no one's gonna help you like only you are
gonna help you if you keep telling yourself the story it's gonna it's
gonna kill you let me give you a fun example if you've ever been to
dairy queen and um i have which is delicious by the way for some reason
let's say the girl at the front when she flips the thing flips your
flips your dairy queen shake right the ice cream falls out because she
does it bad right whatever do you then all of a sudden say screw you
warren buffett in your terrible business one star or do you think it's
possible that that employee is new the last piece that i want to say is
um around judging others and it's kind of what i started with this thing
was one of the guys who posted this thing said that someone else had
told him bad stuff about me this is a rule so i'll try and share as many
of the algorithms that that layla and i have developed in terms

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 of making decisions which is we try
and make if-then statements uh that we don't have to repeat
decision-making processes because there's a lot of attention and time
and energy to make decisions and so if you've made one then just boom
that is an algorithm that if this than that and then you don't have to
make it again and so it just makes your day faster and easier because
you don't have any emotional effort so i'll give you one of our money
ones which is no diligence no deal really simple right and if we don't
both agree we don't move forward so there are simple things that we've
done over time to just simplify our decision making process and so
decision making algorithm i want to give you around people that i have
is that if i don't know someone firsthand i don't make a judgment right
and let me tell you a couple reasons why because there's there's a
couple variables i think are worth exploring the first is that who here
has thought to themselves when i look back on my own past i was an idiot
i do all the time every day right and sometimes today i think yesterday
was an idiot right and so if you think back to your past you're like man
that guy was an idiot right he was so arrogant he

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 thought he knew him so much how can i
then assume that right now ten years from now i'm not gonna look at who
i am now and think the same way and so i question me's judgment from
five years ago i'm like man the perspective in which you saw the world
was ridiculous first off me just me trying to just deal with my own
variable of my own judgment is shaky at best right and so if i'm looking
at someone i barely will cast a judgment because i i'm an idiot half the
time and i know this because of how i know what i was 10 years ago and
hopefully 10 years from now i'll feel the same way now now that's
variable number one variable number two is that the person that you were
listening to also is an idiot now compared to who they're going to be
and they probably might be in a certain mood or they might have certain
views about the world that are contrary to what i just brought up
earlier and so they're like if i buy something it should immediately
work now as business owners we want to take complete responsibility for
that absolutely 100 bar none like our goal always should be a hundred
percent of

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 people who who do business with me get
value and access to what they paid so much so that they want to tell
their friends right that is always the goal and that is always the ideal
that we have to charge behind because us blaming our customers is the
stupidest possibly the stupid thing you could ever do because it does
not improve your business at all you get you get no benefit from blaming
your customers but as a customer you have to understand because if
you're a winner you'll notice that winners are just taking
responsibility for both sides of the equation right and so if that
person right that that you're getting the judgment from isn't a winner
and they have stories that they tell themselves and they might be an
idiot now compared to who they're going to be in in x amount of years
that if they tell you so and so how many times you've heard there's two
sides to a story the more you get around the business game right like
there's always going to be another side of the story and so i would have
judgments that i would cast on people earlier on that prevented me from
doing deals with people that i now know and i was like i can't believe i
didn't have this person in my life for five years because of some post i
saw it was so ridiculous

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 i gave this post more power than my
own ability to make judgments as on another person i guess the moral of
the story is if i'm not close enough to know someone and actually have
conversed with them then i'm not going to cast a judgment you know the
amount of people who who go nuts on the fact that i i paid grant 30
grand for an hour by the way i paid 120 grand for four hours was
actually what it was and that was just the first hour but so if anyone
wants to go even more nuts about it but the point is is that like
everyone there most people i would bet have never actually met grant and
so they cast judgment without knowing who he is and i think that even if
you don't like someone and i'm not saying that grant is perfect or by
any stretch of the imagination my god the man has demons so do i you
miss all of the gold that people can provide you in your life by writing
off an entire person i think people are made up of lots of things or
complex beings sometimes you have good days sometimes you have bad days
and if someone meets you on your bad days you're like i was having a bad
day but

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 that's just the judgment that they
have hopefully you're getting the idea here that there's so many
variables that it makes it virtually impossible to cast judgment on
someone unless you have some sort of direct relationship with them and
even then 10 years from now you're gonna think you're a right now
hopefully if you grow and so i um i take 19 grains of salt i take pounds
of salt with every one of the judgments that i have and i just try and
think to myself like is what i am getting from this person valuable is
there something that i can learn of this person rather than this person
is good or bad and i think that a lot of times we like to create binary
judgments this person is good this person is bad rather than the fact
that people exist on multiple continuums this was a uh hopefully a
perspective shifting video that i was inspired to make because of the
pose that i was tagged in i just hope that everyone can take a quick
second before you know if you if you buy something buy it and understand
that it probably won't be the the one link that you were missing if it
is then that's the thing that creates this crazy breakthrough but
oftentimes it's just one of the many

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 bricks that has to be built on the way
to where you're trying to go and understanding that we're responsible
and that that teachers and students have a have a two-sided relationship
the better to the teacher the less bad the student is but half of people
are below average right and like i said half the people listening to
this are below average so think about that for a second and then when we
cash judgment on other people is it really worthwhile or is it maybe
more useful to say i hate this person but they're better than me in
these ways and i can learn of them from that and so that has been some
of the some of the useful shifts that i've had as an entrepreneur that
have provided a tremendous amount of value to me in my life and have
helped me move past things both emotionally where i didn't get you know
an ideal experience instead of holding on to this poison just letting it
go because and now at this point i don't really experience the poison
because i just don't have the expectation and so i think that the more
aware we can become this is just me talking the more aware i can become
of my own expectations the more uh honestly the happier i am in life
because uh i don't really create a lot of room for myself to get let
down

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 because i'm not expecting anything it
leaves room to be pleasantly surprised so anyways if this provided value
to you if this video was a pleasant surprise hopefully or shifted some
perspectives hit the subscribe button i can't wait to see you in the
next video lots of love and uh for those who don't know us my name is
alex for mozy i own a portfolio companies call in acquisition.com right
now we do about 85 million a year i have nothing to sell you um the
whole goal is that i'm trying to uh create a billion dollar portfolio
and recreate the middle class in america and i'm gonna do it one video
at a time so keeping awesome lots of love and i'll catch you soon bye
