https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vLgOX1Ykjg

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 the most powerful things that change
our behavior and our character are the stories we tell ourselves i think
that when i started out in business uh i've heard i heard all these
things in the personal development space like uh you should have you
should read these affirmations every morning blah blah blah i never did
that and it was because it felt stupid to me now that being said there
might be some people who've had life-changing results from doing that
but what i did notice is that the stories i would tell myself about
myself were the things that changed my beliefs they were the things that
changed my character and so a lot of times in some of my other videos
i've talked about how entrepreneurship is about three things it's about
changing the beliefs that you have it's about increasing the skill set
that you have and then the character traits that go along with that to
make sure the skills are successful so i'll give you a simple example
for this so a friend of mine he started a fitness app um he was doing
about twenty thousand a month he was a top game uh crossfit games
competitor um but he was really ashamed because he wasn't the winner he
was like you know really really highly ranked one but he wasn't the
winner and so he believed that his app wasn't good enough

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 and so he never promoted it so it grew
to 20 000 a month in revenue with him doing zero promotion right and
when he realized that it was okay for him to promote it and people got a
lot of value from it in the app was good enough he went from 20 000 a
month to like 150 000 a month like that and the difference was his
beliefs his skills were the same right his character traits are the same
he changed his beliefs right so let me give you a different example so
when i actually started out getting in my own business right i uh i had
a chain of gyms this was a very very you know this was ten years ago i
had changed gyms i knew how to run sales teams i knew how to generate
leads i need to do all these things um but what ended up happening was i
had one missing piece which was also a belief darn i was actually trying
to give you a different one but i had a mentor come in and say you need
to be you need to get in the licensing business you need to license this
model to lots of people rather than doing the actual model yourself and
so um i did make that transition and then we went from i think you know
i think we did like two or three million dollars to doing seven and the
next year we did 28

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 million so the year that we made the
transition halfway through is what jumped us from two or three to seven
and it was just in the last like four months that we saw this crazy
growth and then we did 28 million the next year and so it was because i
had all these skills and i also had the character traits i just needed
again to change my beliefs i was trying to give you an example with the
character traits let me think of one so if you have uh for example if i
had had those skills but i didn't have the character traits of being
disciplined and being focused on one thing i would have jumped uh
between multiple you know entrepreneurial endeavors and never been able
to see success because even though i had the beliefs about what was
possible um like if i'd said okay i'm gonna do gyms and i'm gonna do
chiropractors and i'm gonna do dentists i'm gonna do x y and z right
until i had the character trait of focus the character trait of
discipline um then i would not have seen the success right and so the
next natural question is okay well if i have to have aligned beliefs
skills and character traits at each level of the ladder because you can
have and this is what's crazy when you see the overnight successes this
is what happens i want to describe it to you so you understand it and
how you can do it so let's say that there's a ladder all right and
you've got this pole on one

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 side you've got the pole on the other
side and you've got the middle bar okay you need all three to move to
the next level of the ladder right and so for example you might have the
left side built up six stories above where you're at and you might have
uh the right side build up six stories you know uh are you know ten
stories from where you're at right now but all of a sudden if you change
your character and that character trait development gives you three more
rungs all of a sudden you go three rungs because you already have the
constraint has been removed and so you can be more advanced in your
beliefs than you on your skills or it can be more advanced in your
character trait than you are in your skills or you can be more advanced
in your skills than your own your beliefs right and so it's having all
three of those that are checked off at each level of entrepreneurship
that gets you to one one million dollars a year three million or ten
million dollars or a hundred million dollars or whatever it is right is
you have to have all of them and so what i the point of this video and
i'm gonna is is to get you to understand how to actually develop those
soft things because the skills are straightforward right the skills are
you just go by the course and you read the book and you consume the
content like this and you practice you apply right

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 that's what you have to do that's it
that's it right um one of the skills that i see lots of marketers these
days not have is they don't know how to sell they don't know how to
develop a sales team they don't know how to manage and grow a sales team
they don't want to lead a sales team that's a skill they don't have and
as soon as they do they go from 3 million to 10 million like that very
very easily right it's understanding that that's the skill deficit and
as soon as they do it boom they blow up i was fortunate because i had a
ton of the skills in my skill toolbox but i went from making nothing to
tons because i had all of these rungs of this ladder already built out
to a 30 million dollar level except i just didn't have the beliefs that
was my issue candidly i suffer from a lot of insecurities and so my wife
was the one who was like you can do this like you don't have to have
these gyms like you can license out the model like you can you can
really succeed like this and i honestly just thought she was a really
smart person and very wise and so i trusted her belief in me before i
really trusted it for myself and so hopefully you can have something
like that in your life but maybe that that could be me i trust in your i
trust in your your skills and your beliefs so

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 so hopefully you can borrow some of
that trust because i promise you the world does get better when you when
you take those leaps of faith but the point is is if you have these
three things right the stories that you tell yourself right one of the
things that layla always says is my wife she has her own channel you can
check it out um is she's like what's the evidence right what's the
evidence that you're so bad at this what's the evidence that you have
cause you keep beating yourself up about this but what's your evidence
right and so what i do when i identify a character trait that i lack or
identify a skill that i don't have or a belief that i don't have and
this one i'll just specifically talk about the character traits because
i think it's really important it's probably the one that people struggle
with the most what are the stories that you tell yourself about yourself
right a lot of times i had dinner recently with a 5 million year
entrepreneur and he was like i had a lot of trauma when i was a kid and
that's why i am this way he speaks like he is this way because and i was
like i think that's a really convenient story to tell yourself about why
you are anxious or why you exhibit anxious tendencies i was like but
what if you did that and

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 you just didn't exhibit anxious
tendencies what then what if you just chose not to what if you chose to
not give power to that situation or that parent uh when you were growing
up why why they already made you suffer why would you let them make you
suffer more by telling yourself that they gave you this character trait
then it's because it's uncomfortable for you to suffer through the
change of changing your identity right but layla and i both believe this
is that your identity is fluid and you need to be able to change your
identity and your character traits based on what the business requires
if you want to grow right like if you're not a patient person then you
need to become patient macro micro speed macro patients right if you
want to develop a reputation you need to become a person of integrity
which means sometimes short term you have to sacrifice right you have to
not make the quick buck if you want to be disciplined and have focus and
it means that you have to be able to say no strategy means what do you
say no to that still looks like it makes sense on paper that's strategy
that's what it is it's what things do we choose not to invest in right
and the people who learn how to make the most money are the ones who
know how to focus and that's a

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 character trait and so what you have to
do is you have to appeal in your past and say when did i exhibit these
things because all of us have exhibited these character traits at some
point in our life and then what you do is you say i am this way because
and then you tell yourself the stories of the things you did in the past
that exhibited those traits and by doing that you'll start reminding
yourself so if i want to say like because i'll tell you i used to have
more angry tendencies i used to tend and trend towards being angry as a
response to things that i didn't like right but one of the things that i
liked like that i try and tell myself is that i am wise right and this
is a character trait that's probably been the number one character trait
that i've tried to develop over the however many years just because i
believe discernment is the single greatest character trait you can have
because if you make the right decisions the whole world is your oyster
right if you can make the right call the whole world is your oyster and
so for me wisdom is the number one character trait that i wish to
develop and so when i think to myself i am wise because i use the same
formula that you that most people and

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 most of us myself included use to
destroy ourselves with these insecurities with these with these negative
character traits that we believe we have and instead of saying an
affirmation you tell yourself the story of why what you're saying is
true you learn to argue against your own thoughts and that's how you
start developing this muscle this these traits that start to become a
whisper and then a shout and then they become they emanate from you and
you project them when you walk in the room subconsciously but it's a
practice that goes from active to passive in your mind right if you are
a patient person if you are a kind person if you are an integris person
right if you're a hard-working person right we all have these stories
that we tell about ourselves and so if you have a limitation right now
on your character trait or traits you don't feel like you are patient
enough you feel like you are too easily distracted you feel like you
don't focus enough then you need to start telling yourself the story i
am this way because not i am wealthy stupid in my opinion i

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 think our brains are too smart for
that stuff you have to give it the reasons you have to make the argument
and i think instead of affirmations if you make affirmations into
arguments that you make with yourself every day then those become things
that will change who you are and if you change who you are and how you
make decisions you'll change your entire life and you'll be able to
watch your business grow as a result of who you have become and so this
is one of the things that was most powerful for me in my entrepreneurial
journey i had had tons of insecurities right i had tons of anxieties i
had lots of anger i had lots of perceived trauma and i'll say it that
way because i don't even want to make it into trauma that's what i
perceived as trauma because i was a child in the world with the the
regular the emotional regulation of a child and so things of course
affect you more when your kid everyone's traumatized traumatized
perceives trauma as a child like if i go to a stage and i say hey who
here had a traumatic childhood in some instance or had a traumatic event
occur everyone's going to raise their hand so stop thinking that because
you

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 have trauma and i don't say this i'll
say this with it i'll say it this way better for me i chose to stop
giving trauma power and i think if you can do that and you can tell
yourself a different story about why you are who you are and make
arguments instead of affirmations you'll be able to have stronger faster
change in the direction that you desire and you'll have more control
over your emotional state and then in so doing you'll be able to level
up the business that you have because most of times when i see business
owners the reason they're not successful is not because they don't have
the beliefs or because they don't have the skills it's just because of
who they are i'd call the other day and somebody hopped on and they were
like ah and honestly the guy was an he was like man employees suck and i
can never keep any good talent blah blah blah blah and i just paused and
i was like that's not surprising and he was like what i was like have
you met you like i don't know what else to say have you met you like i
don't need to

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 change this guy's marketing right i
don't need to change this guy's beliefs about his own business he's just
to change who he is right and the only way for that guy to do that is
for him to get over the reasons that he tells himself it's okay to be
who he is and i think a lot of us do that we give ourselves the excuse
for being impatient we give ourselves the excuse for cheating right we
give ourselves the excuse for being unfaithful you get the excuse for
being unloyal well my dad was where my mom was or my brother was or
whatever right or when i was growing up or went from my town i xyz i'm
this way because the cows is one of the most powerful words in the
english language it's great for persuasion make sure you use it to
persuade yourself in the right direction so anyways that's just my two
cents i might not know anything um if you found value in this hit
subscribe i have other videos that like this for entrepreneurs who are
trying to uh scale their businesses uh keeping awesome keep being
amazing lots of love mosey national guys see you guys in the next video
bye
