https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39I8jEqFdYc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 I've had a lot of mentors in my career
many of them were paid a few of them were free the point of a good
teacher is that the student does pass the teacher I see this thing that
happens all the time when you're a kid and you learn arithmetic first
you learn your numbers and then you learn how to add you level up and
you learn how to multiply and then you level up from there and you learn
algebra when you get to algebra you don't think man my arithmetic
teacher is a idiot I can't believe they didn't teach me this stuff it's
like dude you weren't ready and you had to have the arithmetic in order
to get to the multiplication it's not that that teacher was an idiot
it's that that was the sequence and so when you have a first teacher
that teaches you the basics and you have a more advanced teacher later
it doesn't mean you should on your first teacher it's like that person
got you ready to receive the next thing earlier on my career I
definitely did the other way this guy didn't know anything this guy is
the guy rather than seeing it like you would see any other thing that
you'd have in school I've had the opportunity in the you know the gift
of being able to Mentor whatever you want to say you know provide advice
counsel share my experiences a lot of people hold me in a regard and
most people who are winners are competitive it's just like who you are
right you want to win you to beat

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 everybody because that's that's part of
the competitive drive but I think there's like a there's a comma there
that needs to get put in which is that you have to accept two things one
is that you are going to die and no one is going to remember like real
real ten thousand years from now no one's going to remember at all
number two is that when you're at the end of your life the people who
are going to be your buyer vets are not the people who you Vanquish but
the people that you helped I know that I have passed a lot of the
mentors that I've had in my career in terms of financials Etc earlier on
used to think that made me better than them as I've had a couple more
years and some more more scars I've realized something different which
is that I was only able to get better than them because they gave me the
Head Start step on my shoulder you can reach that next Branch I think I
experience a lot of Joy knowing that other people don't have to suffer
as much you know we're walking around outside yesterday and someone's
like dude I did everything you have and we're doing four million dollars
a year now like he was like emotional just knowing that it's happening
it makes stomaching the hard times easier it feels like it's not just me
trying to do this for myself it's me trying to do this for a lot of
people if I'm failing over and over again at this thing I know

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 that once I figured out I'll be able to
help 100 people cheat code their way through it and not spend five
months figuring something out or two years figuring something out like I
was stuck at Mid 30 million for three years to everyone watching they're
like boo hoo that's not the point is that there's another guy who's
going to get to that point and he's going to move right past it like in
a blink of an eye because I've had the right advice that I didn't have
and I think that if the mentees and the mentors both see it that way
then the mentees will stop on the mentors that help them and the mentors
will stop trying to hold back secrets that have propelled them further
because the point is not that you're going to beat everyone you're going
to get really old and then you're gonna die as you're getting older
they're going to be people who are younger who had a head start and as
long as the next guy honors the fact that that guy died on the
battlefield to give him these lessons and come back and they have to
recognize that they're going to die on the battlefield too for the Next
Generation to pass them they have it easier than us that's the point of
progress and so rather than lamenting that the Next Generation has it
easier I thought that what we all say I want to make the world a better
place well that's what making

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 the world a better place looks like we
say that this is our mission with our business we want to make the world
a better place we want to make an impact and then when it actually
happens we resent the kids for the fact that they didn't have it as hard
as us that was the point my point is not to beat the progeny a point is
to forge as far as I can look back and be like hey watch out for that
hole watch out for that rock keep going keep going because they move
through the path that we tread three times faster than we did because we
already cleared all the trees they get to the next non-clearing and they
have to start hacking away and hacking away and hacking away to forge
the next PATH and then they become the mentors turn around and the Next
Generation moves six times as fast to cover my distance and their
distance if you look at some of the greatest success stories a lot of
them talk about their mentors Warren Buffett had his mentor early on the
quick story on that was that he said I'll work for you for free and Paul
Graham told him you're overpriced he was the one who's going to be
giving far more to this relationship even if Warren gave him his time he
still was going to to be on the losing side but he still did it anyways
because he recognized that Warren had a gift Warren passed him in his
career you'll notice that Warren isn't like man I'm so much better than
Paul Graham I passed that dude in my

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 like 40s he doesn't talk like that we
really do stand on the shoulders of the Giants when I think about like
the gratitude that I have for the garyvee's who is 12 years older than I
am he's forged so much of this path that like I didn't have to think
about how am I going to create this whole thing it's like he already had
a blueprint and I could just start laying that out immediately execute
there are guys who we have in our portfolio right now who are in their
20s who are making twice when I was making at 30 but if they came to me
below and then now they're above that was the point garyvee didn't have
Gary Vee to Mentor him on his career I do right now we all do many of us
will pass Gary and I don't think Gary mines there's a 20 year old it
might be you who's watching this and you've got me that's the point I'm
still going to be hustling trying to beat you don't get me wrong when I
see guys who are in their 60s I'm like man by the time I'm 60 I'm gonna
be 10 times as wealthy as that 10 times the the real estate 10 times
yeah but if they had had themselves as mentors they would too if your
mentees and the students that you have and the people that you help and
the people that you teach don't move above you it means that you're a
bad teacher not a good one the new definition of success of a

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 teacher is that the students surpass
the teacher and then get to the point where they're both looking
together with his experience and his Raw Talent looking at the new
landscape saying all right what do you think we should do if this video
changed your mind about some of the talking that you've done to a
teacher or to a mentor who is earlier on in your career shoot that guy a
text and be like hey like respect I appreciate you I can't tell you one
how much it means to the mentor when they get that text and I also think
too it'll help you spit out the poison that you had that wasn't real it
was only made up in your head I think if you can do those things this
video would have been a success
