https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwZH-lOKG9c

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 all right so quick one um i'll give you
my very sexy headline how i turned 1036 dollars into 112 million 496 422
in revenue in over 44 months using four unique acquisition frameworks
would you guys want to know what those are okay cool quick writer downer
does everyone here own their own legion and you know how to generate
your own leads everyone does no okay someone doesn't so i'm going to
give you four steps really quickly before i even get into this
presentation because this is i would say these are frameworks that you
can immediately use and um with the presentation that was given just uh
mr burton about how to capture leads and whatnot you're gonna need
traffic right and so i'm gonna show you the things that we've used uh
very very successfully to get more traffic but before you do that this
is something that you can do in less than 15 minutes and pretty much
solve your lead gen problem uh right now you can google number one you
can put it to somebody in your company how to run a facebook lead ad
probably seven minutes number two how to connect facebook lead ad to
google

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 sheets via zapier number three give
away something free and then target the audience that you want if you
don't know how to target the audience that you want take your existing
customer list google how to set up a facebook lookalike audience and
then run it to that audience that's it like yeah google number one how
to run a facebook lead ad google number two how to connect facebook lead
ads to google sheets with zapier z-a-p-i-e-r number three you're going
to target your either local audience or whatever audience it is that you
use if it's not local then you'll upload a customer list if you don't
know how to do that that would be video number four which is how to
create a look like audience on facebook and then number five give them
something for free in exchange for their phone number that's it you can
get leads you're welcome it'll take you 60 minutes and this by the way
is what every third-party legion company

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 is doing and they charge you five times
more for that process they also pay someone and just from a belief
standpoint every single i know all the guys in that space the guy's
pushing the buttons they train in less than seven days with two hours of
videos and they're paid under 15 bucks an hour this is not hard stuff
people just don't know how to do it and now it's very easy and it's all
on youtube cool because that's the that's like the really button clicky
stuff i wasn't going to stand up here and be like all right connect here
and i think that'd be a waste everyone's time so this is going to be the
stuff that's going to make the return on that significantly higher is
that cool all right awesome yeah 112 million that was cool all right so
um using the four frameworks we're able to double down again and again
so that literally was my bank account and over the next 44 months we're
room will spend 3.1 million in advertising um which gives us a 36-1
lifetime return on advertising um so i don't know what your return on
advertising are um but i'm told that's pretty good and so i'll just

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 share stuff that worked well for us
okay so that's me co-founder my beautiful wife who's up here being
awesome and dealing with me but that was me when i started albert you
and i have very similar stories slept on the floor i had no idea what i
was doing went to a facebook marketing event literally the week before
my gym opened and was like oh so this is how i'll get customers and i
was able to actually fill my gym up using that stuff in 2013 and so i
was able to scale from zero to six locations in under three years as a
kid off cash flow which is pretty neat and then i sold all of those and
uh lost everything and that's where my bank account was at the end
because the guy that i got into business with was indicted for fraud um
and so i had that entire process and then i had nothing again i
screenshotted it because i was like i know i'm going to tell the story
so um from there because i still was good at running gyms uh we started
gym launch my wife and i we went from zero dollars when i took that
picture to 2.4 million a month in 18 months we ran 74 net margins on
that business

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 very good business um prestige labs
went from zero 1.7 in six months the reason i'm telling you the speed on
these is because the acquisition stuff i'm gonna share with you all
right allen which is went from zero to one point four in six months this
is actually my most reconnected recent acquisition we went from 40k to
700 000 a month in 10 months um and so just so you have an idea in terms
of different spaces that's b2b licensing this is ecommerce direct to
direct to consumer this is agency software um and then this one is a
brick and mortar chain of childhood magical experiences the thing is you
should see the numbers behind this thing anyhoo so this is what we do
now take interest in seven eight multi figure businesses and grow the
eggs in three to five years that's what we do the reason that uh this
presentation is so cool for me is that i don't usually get to talk about
this stuff so i'm pumped about it but what was really cool was during
that process we've made over a thousand success stories like a lot like
a lot of success stories um using the framework i'm gonna show you
create 71 millionaires and counting so very happy about that and so i
just want to take you through this the frameworks that we use to scale
our companies and this is

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 what we do when we're scaling companies
it's the same checklist every time this is what i look at so this should
be right for everyone who's either under 100 dollars a month this should
help you establish your first reliable acquisition channel what i said
in the very beginning that's the tactics google those five videos you'll
have lead gen that's that all right but i'll show you how to do it and
make way more money from it the second is if you're over a hundred
thousand dollars a month how to get your next acquisition channel
profitable so you can get your current acquisition to your next
acquisition brian asked me to give you some really tactical \[ \_\_ \]
they can use uh so the four frameworks uh my goal is not to break
beliefs or tell stories or motivate anyone i'm going to say the stuff
that's like working right now so uh mental rewind was totally a business
game of golden bbs and not silver bullets so today my goal is to give
you as many golden bbs as possible very candidly there's going to be a
lot of things you're going to think about this like a checklist all
right you're going to have a hole here there's a pocket of money here a
pocket of money here and i just want you to scoop up as many of the ones
that make sense to you some of them you already have some of you maybe
not but you'll have by the end of the presentation i guarantee you'll
have a lot of ways to make more so quick

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 groundwork this is the first thing we
do so only two ways to grow a business that is it i start from the top
and then we'll break it down from there all right number one is you get
more customers seems obvious right this is where everyone looks number
two make customers worth more there's no other way that's it get more
make them worth more and sometimes simplicity is the ultimate in
elegance i think coco chanel said that or aristotle either way it's so
cool but since everyone here probably is trying to grow your business
that's all we're going to be talking about so four frameworks one get
more customers two make more money framework number one the math which
is going to be how to acquire customers as a profit who here has a
marketing budget you have a marketing budget i will show you how to get
rid of that shouldn't have one because if you can spend to acquire
customers at a profit as in they are net cash flow positive it means i
make money before i even have my credit card due which means it
eliminates a acquisition as a bottleneck in your business and b if you
don't have capital like you saw my bank account at the beginning of this
thing you can compete against anyone still if you have the skill like
this is real

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 like you can still crush it right now
against people who have way more money because they don't know the game
right the game that's happening under everyone's nose so that's the math
all right we call that customer client finance acquisition number two is
the offer so how to get complete strangers to raise their hands and make
offers so good they'd feel stupid saying no all right so i'll show you
how like kind of how i said that little ad that's going to break down
what we do there number three is of the traffic so once you have those
two things in place you know what math you need to hit you know what
you're going to give them then we got to go find traffic all right so
i'll give you the six traffic sources that exist right now that everyone
has access to and my hope is that you'll probably find two or three
traffic sources that are in front of you i've got a special page for
brad in there so you can look out for that your team can look out for
that sorry i'm gonna give you guys homework and then the fourth one is
the money right so the whole point here is to make money and i'll show
you exactly how we maximize back back end ltv which informs the front
end which is why ultimately it's much more of a circle than it is steps
so that makes sense we have the math we make our offer go to the traffic
we make money which

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 means we update our math and around and
around we go all right that's the game plan cool yeah all right rock and
roll so if you like childhood pictures this is what i like to draw so
you see a lot of doodles in this presentation this is the simple way of
seeing it so you got math traffic offer update and then you got the
money that you're reeling it in okay quite literally so we're going to
start with the math there we go client finance acquisition how to
require customers out of profit this is the entire process mapped out
don't worry you'll i'll break down each of these steps but this is what
it is all right so this is i'm going to show you how to make money with
no money which means if you have money you'll be able to do far better
than this this is how you do it if you have zero dollars in your bank
account right now so if you have less money than your competition or
feel like you need to spend or you're spending too much to require
customers this is for you this is how you do it so quick definitions
real quick cost you require a customer because sometimes i say these
quickly and i forget who i'm talking to so cost required customer i say
cac all right all costs um required to acquire a new customer
advertising payroll media buyer creative team software all that stuff is
cost required

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 customer number two cost of goods sold
direct cost of fulfillment gross profits the amount of money that is
left over after the direct cost of fulfilling so if you had one more
customer how much action would you have to pay to fulfill that
everything after that is the juice right gross profit payback period the
time of period it takes the business to receive the gross profit
necessary that it cost them to acquire the customer back right you put a
dollar in you get a customer you know tomorrow and then it takes you two
months for before you get that cash back in your wallet to spend again
all right those are cash conversion cycles i'm going to show you how we
do this quickly the more you can condense the cash conversion cycle the
faster you can grow all right especially if you don't have funding which
i've never had all right and then 30-day cash is something that that's
not that i invented it's just something that we track which is the
amount of gross profit that i can extract from a new customer in the
first 30 days the reason i track this so vehemently is that like many
business owners here everyone has access to one thing which is a credit
card and so i basically know that i i have 30 days against the clock
that i can spend whatever i want and as long as i have it

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 back plus some in 30 days i never have
to use my own money to grow so i have all the financing i need and i can
grow for free and essentially get my customers to pay for the growth of
my business okay so doesn't worry this is the only math equation the
entire thing this equation is what has created everything in my life
your 30-day cash so this is the plain english of this i have to generate
more cash in the first 30 days of running an advertisement than it costs
me to acquire two customers and the cost to fulfill both of them cost of
acquiring customer and the cost of fulfilling them times two if i can
make more than that in the first 30 days off of one customer i can grow
unlimited that's how we went from zero to two million zero to two
million zero to whatever in six months eight months ten months because
it really becomes operational drag not about the acquisition so um and
it's a positive cash flow so that entire process while you're growing
we're taking cash out every single month while we're growing it's cool
cool to experience um and so this allows all of us smaller players who
are not bc backed to outspend everyone okay so this is a quick
walkthrough i'm drilling this one

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 in because it's really important to
understand this concept works so you borrow a hundred dollars from a
credit card to a park two customers at fifty dollars each this is a
hypothetical two of those customers each spend three hundred dollars
with you so you make six hundred bucks now you're up but you still have
to fill the customer so cost you fifty dollars each 100 total at the end
you have four hundred dollars plus you have two new customers and you
can continue to sell those and you have 400 in your bank account what
this looks like visually this is how you generate buckets of cash yes
all right this is what it looks like visually i'm a big visual guy so
zero debt zero money zero customers day zero all right from there we
take our little debt there we go 100 and we spend 100 bucks in ads we do
exactly what i said in the beginning you're going to get your you're
going to run your little ads and you're going to get your opt-ins there
we go so they're going to run the ads in front of eyeballs eyeballs are
going to get clicks which burton's going to track for us right we're
going to get opt-ins we're going to schedule them we're going to they're
going show and then we're gonna get sales and there's two of those
people so it's visually what i just said i'm just depicting it

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 for you all right and now we have to
fill fulfill those people so 600 goes to 500 500 goes to 400 400 goes to
my bank account and after the dust settles this is what happens good
suspense though right when the dust settles there i am debt free i have
400 in cash and i have two customers that i can now sell whatever the \[
\_\_ \] i want for frey that's the game you can add zero subtract zeros
but this is what we're doing all right so you have to understand the
math before we get into the stuff this is when i doubled down so then
you double it down again you do the whole process boom 800 400 goes to
fulfillment it's literally just going black on vegas in vegas again and
then that was our first round and our second round we doubled the amount
of customers the third round we quadruple the amount of customers and a
round and round we go if you can execute client finance acquisition
until your operations break this will therefore eliminate the need for
capital to constrain on your growth i think this is a big deal just like
cool i just want to make sure i'm like tracking them okay cool so that's
number one the math how to

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 acquire customers as a profit client
finance acquisition and there's my little arrow and my check mark it's
been a long time making here the check marks work okay the offer how to
make offer so good people feel stupid saying no that's the little wormy
guy right here got to get the fishies to bite great slime offers how to
make off so good people stupid saying no so the problem so right now the
first one i said is right now if you spend too much money to our
customers or you have a marketing budget or any of those types of things
that's your problem if you don't have that problem this might be your
problem if your ads aren't converting well all right clicks versus
opt-ins like you're like i feel like we're spending but we're not
getting \[ \_\_ \] right or your sales team has trouble scaling like
it's hard to ramp up new guys um they're having trouble closing all that
kind of stuff obviously the sales part you've already got covered but a
lot of times it's the offer so i just actually had a consulting day
yesterday we rewrote the entire offer and i'll give you a couple cool
examples that i've done with the companies that i've worked with so to
catch fish you need bait for an offer the starting point of any
conversation to initiate a transaction with a customer what you are
literally providing to them in exchange for their money usually with
marketing campaigns it's going to be the number one driver

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 of success what does it do if you do
this properly it'll allow you to sell in a vacuum so you don't have
price shopping or any of that stuff all right it creates a category of
when it forces customers to make a values-based decision instead of a
price-based decision lately and i sell days of our time for a hundred
grand and like that doesn't make any sense because there's plenty of
marketing firms who do a full day for free or a thousand dollars but
because it's incomparable they'll do that all right people will pay it
so the goal is to decommoditize the offer and if we do this properly
we'll increase our click-through rates our ctrs which means of the
eyeballs that see it more people to say decide to take one step towards
us of the people who take a step towards us more of them think it's
interesting and decide to opt in and then not only that once they're on
the phone with us because the offer is so compelling more of them say
yes and so this is a multiplicative effect and so the translation is
more leads more sales higher prices so here's uh two real life examples
so when i had my my little gym i struggled to sell a 99 a month boot
camp

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 like i could not i couldn't even close
people on a free trial it was sad i switched from a 99 a month boot camp
to a free six-week challenge and the way that we structured the offer
was people would come in they would put 600 down they lost 20 pounds i'd
give them the money back but 48 hours after they bought we sell them 300
supplements 21 days after that we'd say hey you want to just win the
challenge right now and stay on as a member we'll give you the 600 back
as credit towards a membership you want to do that we close 70 to 80 of
people on that and so if you follow the money it was just 600 300 12
year 12 month contract my cost of acquisition dropped by a tenth and um
we would get 30 to one up front before our membership dues so the reason
i was able to open six gyms in three years as a 23-year-old who didn't
know \[ \_\_ \] about \[ \_\_ \] was because i was making so much money
in the first 30 days i could open a gym sign a lease and have it
completely full on someone

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 else's money before the first client
showed up and i had all the payroll staffed and paid for for the next
six weeks before the eft kicked in eft is the recurring revenue \[ \_\_
\] all right and so it was simply by changing the offer i was i was
still using the same platforms i was still the same salesman right but
it was changing the offer so many more people clicked so many people
more people bought we had so much more cash flow up front and i'll give
you seven cool upfront offers that you guys can take home with you
here's a different example b2b agency all right so a lot of agencies
that are in the lead gen world for small businesses charge like 1500
bucks a month we switch that for the agencies that use our software to
pay me once and then only pay me after that if someone shows up we'll
generate the lead we'll work the lead will do everything if they show up
to the appointment then you pay us how do you not like that right we
went from the average agency getting half to one returns on their
advertising to getting 11 to 1 returns before their retainer before
before they got all the recurring revenue on the back end which means
that they would make 11 to 1 in that 30-day cycle they could keep
pouring cash in

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 until their constraints were
operational and not acquisition based all right so this is these are the
actual numbers of this example because i thought this would be relevant
for you so if they're spending ten thousand dollars a month this is
before and after the same amount of impressions the response rate is
what went through the roof it was two and a half times higher percentage
of people who responded all right after that you had a higher result of
people who are booking there we go look at the difference in
appointments same same advertising spend same show rates closing
percentage 2.3x because the offer was better so we already have a 2.5
and a 2.3 on this thing let's see how far we can go and the price we
quadrupled the price we're from a thousand down then 1500 a month to pay
me 4 000 today and that's it you never have to pay me again unless
someone shows up but that basically just means we got the first three
months up front and then we still got paid two days later when the first
person showed up and so the difference was making five thousand dollars
up front off your ten thousand dollars announcement to a hundred and
twelve thousand dollars up front up front an 11

19 00:18:00.000 --\> 00:19:00.000 to 11.2 to one return before the back
end kicked in is that like is everyone getting this like this stuff
happens now okay so you might think that's so neat but how excellent
question so when we're looking at offers there's seven things that i'm
looking at so how can i how can i improve this offer so whatever it is
if you're the business owners which is why i asked you to raise your
hand you have control over this the first thing is what is the promotion
it's either going to be free discount or premium all right basically if
it's not a free or discount it's premium the second is the core offer
which is the main thing it's the steak not the sizzle and i'll get to
that i'll explain the difference in a second the bonuses these are the
things that are provided in addition to the main thing dude scarcity we
have x left and i'll show you how to do these even if you don't have x
left and do it morally and ethically all right urgency i'll show you how
to configure the offer so it feels like it ends tomorrow even though it
may not necessarily end tomorrow but it does in the way that you can
position i'll explain how all right guarantee i'll show you how to stack
guarantees like if anyone have a guarantee i'll show you how to have

20 00:19:00.000 --\> 00:20:00.000 multiple guarantees everyone's stack
guarantees before very interesting i'll show you how all right and then
seven is the magic naming formula so one of the cool things about this
is that if you run this play over time it gets tired like the
marketplace has seen it before and so i'll show you how to reskin the
same thing over and over and over again that's what allows you to get
evergreen lead generation so free so quick point on this if i'm starting
with a new business i pretty much always start with something free and i
do that because the first thing i'm going to do is always create flaw i
create flow then i monetize the flow and then i add friction so if
you're like man i'm so worried about being overwhelmed with leads i'm
like well \[ \_\_ \] you all right so so the point is is that typically
free offers will convert it five to ten times any other type of offer
all right so i'll always start here and then try and use my brain to
figure out how can i turn something that's free into something i can get
paid for i'm going to give you seven offer structures to show you how to
do that there's 19 in total you get the rest of my my book for 10

21 00:20:00.000 --\> 00:21:00.000 and this is where i start every
business all right so that's free second is discounts one thing that's
important to look at with discounts is that there's four different ways
of displaying them all right so if you have a discount offer right now
that's tired you can redisplay the same thing in different ways so you
could say it's x percentage off you could also flip it and say what the
absolute amount is off you can say the relative amount so it could be
like it's enough to save your entire your entire month's mortgage if
yours b to b or b to c um or or it's enough to get a steak dinner once a
week in savings right so it's how to display the same thing in different
ways right and then the final way is doing is just saying what the price
is now versus what it was before all right so it's four different ways
you can display a discount and that's what will keep your promotion
fresh and then obviously finally is the premium offer um this is you
know what i call straight for the jugular this is when you're selling
your hundred thousand dollar day um what's interesting about when you do
premium offers most of the time you just need to charge way more than
you think you should and then these the economics behind this can get
really wild because in terms of return on ad spend if i'm

22 00:21:00.000 --\> 00:22:00.000 selling 100 000 500 000 million dollar
things the other people i'm competing against usually aren't selling
anything close to those types of prices and so that's how we can get 30
to 150 to 1 returns on advertising on a regular basis because if you
looked at 36 to 1 that means half of my advertising has gotten me more
than 36 to one return wild right and so it's because we we use premium
offers but we layer them after so bring them in free and then we'll
upsell them through premium stuff so that's number one number two is the
main thing all right the stake most of times when someone is is is
working on an offer of some type they've got some sort of service it's
really boring and it's not very uh attractive right and so there are
four variables to value that we've broken down after looking at this at
a lot of times and look at a lot of offers the first is the dream
outcome all right so everything on the top side of this equation is
stuff that people value they want more of this this is great we try and
increase this the bottom side of the equation is stuff that detracts
from the experience that makes them less likely to want to buy all right
so the time delay effort and sacrifice all right as i've studied as a

23 00:22:00.000 --\> 00:23:00.000 quick aside as i've studied bigger
more successful businesses i noticed that in my beginner days i focused
a lot more here on promising more trying to paint this beautiful vision
of the future when i look at netflix and amazon and these guys who are
trying to make seamless experiences so that thoughts can become you know
drones delivering packages that are door is they're trying to eliminate
as much effort sacrifice and time as possible for their customers and
that is how they're increasing value and so as we've shifted our
businesses we focus a lot more on this now than we did here but just
something to consider all right i'll give you an example of each one if
i'm trying to get brad to give me money i'm probably going to say hey
brad let me show you how to do this marketing stuff for lightspeed
rather than hey i'm going to get you a six-pack why because for him he
values that more and so whatever the thing is that you're selling the
audience now for a woman it might be different right but for the avatar
painting the dream outcome will increase the value right making sure
that that once like it's to compare two different offers right b to b
versus b

24 00:23:00.000 --\> 00:24:00.000 to c once if you're comparing two
things in the exact same market that are savings that are satisfying the
same need i'll just use weight loss as an example because everyone
understands that one then then you kind of move on to the next step in
the equation the next is perceived likelihood of achievement so if i
have somebody who's a plastic surgeon and they say they can do a tummy
tuck and this guy's done this is his first surgery he's ever done you
got another guy who's done ten thousand surgeries are you willing to pay
more for the guy who's done ten thousand surgeries same surgery it'll
actually probably take the guy to ten thousand even less time too
because we value the perceived likelihood of achieving our goal right
certainty and decreasing risk is something that we value so if you can
think about ways that you can decrease the perceived risk in the
customer's minds and i'll show you more tactics about that later but if
this is where the social proof this is where the testimonials wall this
is where the video the video that you have them watch watching the lobby
of the of the lady whose life got changed all of that stuff will
literally increase the value of what you were selling without having to
do anything to it it's simply the perception of the value now that's the
top side of the equation that's kind of the easy part i'll make you a
lot of

25 00:24:00.000 --\> 00:25:00.000 money and uh here's all these people
that made money too right the bottom side is where it gets interesting
so time to life there's two components of time delay to increase the
value of the product that you're selling one is the immediate first
first outcome so for example um if a girl comes to work out at the gym
oh he's weight loss right and she feels better the first day she has she
has an immediate value receipt of value right she doesn't look better
but she feels better right and so you want to have some sort of first
win early but the second piece is how long is it going to really take so
and so to hit their goal right if it's going to take them a year if i
can get if i can if i can shrink the time horizon then i will increase
the value of the product from selling one of the easiest and best ways
to make a product more valuable is look at what everyone else can do in
a time period and cut it in half and then deliver that it's the easiest
thing in the world to sell speed people love speed all right and so if
we can shrink the time delay between when they buy and when they get our
product becomes more valuable the next one is effort and sacrifice

26 00:25:00.000 --\> 00:26:00.000 so if i'm if i'm trying to sell suzy q
on losing weight and i say you've got two options here right option one
is you can give up everything you love you can wake up at four o'clock
the morning every day you can be sore as hell you have to eat separately
from your family uh you know what i mean all the you know you got to
have people laugh at you you got a brisk injury all of that stuff you
know by the way it's going to take 12 months maybe right for you to get
to where you want to go right or you can just breathe in some gas and
wake up skinny which one is she going to pick right reality is that's
why the same outcome is 50 000 for one and you got to arm wrestle
someone for an hour to get closing for a thousand dollar deal for
training or gym membership right it's because the same dream outcome has
she knows she's probably not going to show up to the gym so her
perceived likelihood of achievement's low she knows it's going to take
her \[ \_\_ \] forever she's got to give up everything she loves right
and she's gonna also have to it's like the only thing she's gonna enjoy
is the fact that she feels better and that's it and so if you can look
at

27 00:26:00.000 --\> 00:27:00.000 these four variables within the
context of what you are selling you can manipulate these to make the
core thing more valuable simply by changing their perception around it
so that's the main thing that's the stake right that's the main step
that we're offering so first is we're going to try and figure out if we
can do some sort of free or discount version the second is we look at
the main thing to see if there's ways that we can make the thing more
valuable third now notice when you have free or discount you can give
away bonuses as part of the free thing and then upsell the core thing
right which i'll get to in a minute but the bonuses are things that
we've provided in addition to the main thing all right so for example
when i used to sell those boot camps i was talking about earlier i was
selling 99 month boot camp i was throwing everything i possibly could i
was like i'll do your food i'll give you massages i'll drive you home
like whatever you want please sign up right what's interesting is that
if i just say hey you get the workouts but if you sign up today i'll
also give you food preparation instructions and eating out guide you
know grocery list i'll give you uh how to you know how to eat on the

28 00:27:00.000 --\> 00:28:00.000 weekends how to drink alcohol and stay
skinny like all of these extra bonuses but only if you sign up today all
of a sudden my core offering which is literally the same thing i was
doing before is perceived as more valuable and this is what it looks
like visually because you make the ask after the core offer right if
you're selling and then if they say no or they say need to think about
whatever right that's when you start stacking because when someone sits
down like the whole time the first thing you present after you've been
selling this whole period of time that's what they anchor with so just
like there's a price anchor there's a product thinker and so they think
in their mind this is what he's been trying to sell me this whole time
and so they're going to anchor okay well i tried to compare this price
to this product but then what i do is you stack and stack and stack and
stack and stack and stack and then all of a sudden the product the
bonuses seem like such a steal compared to the thing that i originally
mentioned that it's like why be a \[ \_\_ \] idiot to not say yes today
so when you can stack this stuff it also gives you a really nice way to
get around the whole discount thing

29 00:28:00.000 --\> 00:29:00.000 so rather than rather than be like
well let me talk to my manager and get you 10 off it's like well how
about we throw this instead let me throw you this instead let me throw
you this instead on top right and so that way it gives the sales guys
like our guys have a huge vault of private client private access client
materials that they can use to close deals and they have street value
because they're listed right some extent so you can literally make
products put them on your site you might sell it might not doesn't
matter the point is that they're perceived as valuable and then you can
sell something for two thousand dollars and give them fifteen thousand
dollars of prizes whatever upsell the bonuses i have more bonuses there
are always more bonuses i have lots of bonuses okay so that's the sizzle
right so the steak and then that's the sizzle so if i'm looking at a
business the first thing i'm looking at the promotion the next thing is
i'm gonna see how i can adjust the stake and make it more valuable see
if i can change and alter services around that would cut the time in
half decrease the effort that they have to put in increase the
likelihood that they think they're gonna achieve it and then right when
they're about to make a decision i say oh by the way that's just this
big let me tell you about all this other \[ \_\_ \] that we're going to
do for you and they're like

30 00:29:00.000 --\> 00:30:00.000 holy crap i'm definitely going to sign
up oh by the way i only have two spots left and i have 16 more
appointments this week so what do you want to do right and so then we
have scarcity all right so there's three ways that i've seen how to do
scarcity ethically all right one is if you actually have a limited
supply that's awesome right but one of the things you can do is you can
have a limited supply of bonuses so you don't have to say you have a
limited supply of the core thing i could have limited supply of the
bonuses that i'm giving in and i can re-wrap the bonuses in different
ways re-skin them put on a new headline or whatever to change make the
same thing different which i'll show you is the seventh step of this
thing is re-skinning them so that i can pretty much always have limited
bonuses that i can always provide scarcity with does that make sense yes
okay so those are the scarcity pieces all right urgency this one is
probably the one i use more than scarcity to be candid with you all
right because i think it's easier to run on a regular basis so just a
quick side note the difference between scarcity and urgency is scarcity
as a function of units units or quantity urgency is a function of time

31 00:30:00.000 --\> 00:31:00.000 people want to kind of lop them in
together they're different all right so the first one and this is
probably the one that i use the most all right is cohort based urgency
so it's like hey we've got a new group of clients starting on monday
you're not going to miss out we've got a bunch of awesome killers in
that group right it's it's thursday right and they're like oh well i
don't want to miss that group like yeah you should do it the guys are
awesome just get started it just gives you this little nudge now when
she signs up if she says no and comes back on monday i'm like you should
see the nest group it's good that you missed this room because the next
one's even better and it starts on monday right and so you always have
this rolling cohort that can happen which you're probably already doing
you're just not selling it the next kind of urgency is uh it's name
based urgency so this is where you can reskin the same offer and say hey
um this this promotion like you should enter promotions every month and
just reskin them and then start it so that you just have this false
urgency it's not false it's real urgency but it's saying the new year
thing ends in our brazilian special foreclosure school ends january 31st
well guess what we've

32 00:31:00.000 --\> 00:32:00.000 got closers for lovers opening in
february which then closes february 28th and so it's the same program
it's just the promotion is different and the promotion can still even be
the same price points you just name it different but that promotion is
technically over right so you can happily get around um and use urgency
and scarcity to your to your advantage the promotion of pricing and the
bonuses themselves each of those to be exploding which leads me to the
exploding piece which is the next one this is if there is a way right
now where anything in your marketplace is sh is changing it's shifting
um this this sounds like crazy if you can get like if you're for example
if i was saying you know what it's not about newsfeed ads anymore it's
all about inbox leads right because dms on social media you're getting
direct to the decision makers and the software that we have does it for
eight dollars and 33 cents a day and delivers 13 to 15 fresh leads in
your inbox as anybody who responds back right but the thing is a lot of
people can get in on this soon so you're going to want to sign up now so
you can get a disproportionate amount of the gains right so this
exploding

33 00:32:00.000 --\> 00:33:00.000 opportunity is arbitrage so if you can
think of ways that you have your own product and make it into an
exploding opportunity it'll create more urgency to take action uh number
six this is really cool so most people either don't do guarantees or
just do one and they really lame boring guarantee but most people don't
do two all right so i'll show you how this works so i got this closed
from jason flatland and it's one of my favorite closes of all time and
so when he's closing someone if he has her hat ever has a 30-day
satisfaction guarantee love her to leave it whatever you want to say you
say hey i'm not asking to say yes or no today i'm just asking you to
make an informed decision which you can only do on the inside of the
program which basically gets them to delay the decision by buying it's
\[ \_\_ \] awesome and so if you ever have stuff like every single
person if you have a 30-day lover to leave a guarantee you can basically
get people to you can make them feel safe get them to say no hey would
you be opposed to moving forward today i wouldn't be opposed to moving
forward today cool because i'm not asking to make a decision right now
i'm just saying i just want you to make an

34 00:33:00.000 --\> 00:34:00.000 informed decision which only do once
you start with us right and we can only make this kind of guarantee
because we know we're so good at what we do and we know people would say
otherwise we wouldn't be in business right right okay cool so let's get
started so that guarantee is \[ \_\_ \] awesome and so if you can do an
under conditional guarantee i would highly highly recommend it here's
what's cool you can have an unconditional guarantee that's based on one
timeline and then you can have a conditional guarantee that's based on
another timeline so it's like not only that and this is the one that you
make crazy all right so this is when you say hey not only that if you
don't make 10 grand using my software in the first 30 day in the first
60 days i'll give you 10 grand because that's how i know it how good it
is but you got to show up to every one of the calls that we have you got
to make sure all your payments are on time you've got to xyz the things
that are your activation points for your service or product the things
that you know will make someone actually successful and then you just
bake those right into your conditional guarantee and so they're like
wait so if i love her to leave it and you're telling me that 60 days
from now like if i don't achieve this crazy

35 00:34:00.000 --\> 00:35:00.000 result if i do these three things then
like that's all you need me to do to buy and there's only two spots left
and so when we stack these things you can massively increase the closing
percentages for the team and make the offer more compelling from a
marketing perspective last one okay magic naming formula so how to name
how to use the same offer and rename it reskin it over and over again
this is especially important if you if you're in local markets so uh
i'll give you i'll give you an interesting one so let's say you've got
this this big bundle i was talking about the 360 challenge i told you
about earlier right so let's say that that's our that's our original
bundle it's fitness and nutrition stuff right then we call it the fall
six week challenge then we call it our spring 28 day blueprint then we
call it our halloween 42 day detox same exact thing it just keeps it
fresh and so that way we don't have to change the operational structure
of the business but we can constantly keep the marketing fresh all right
okay

36 00:35:00.000 --\> 00:36:00.000 and that's the uh that's what the
magic stands for so it's the magnet which is make a magnetic reason
which is why i like having a reason why of some sort it's like it's fall
it's spring it's whatever right it's you know my kid lost a tooth it's
our fifth year anniversary right which is a great one we just started
running a fifth year anniversary ad that's why i'm running this offer
and people like oh that's why he's running the office like i ran the
offer last month too but now it's our fifth year anniversary right and
the thing is is you can be like it's my wife's birthday it's my birthday
it's my company's birthday it's like three times a year you already got
birthdays so you can give reasons why for it right like you can always i
always used to i always tell people think like a fraternity party
planner just like you need this much to create to have a party it's like
stu got his wisdom teeth out rager right so it's the same idea in terms
of reason why okay so we have our magnetic reason we have we announced
the avatar so we say who we're looking for so it's you know a little
black dress which would prob that would include that would be implied
sorry uh bad example uh six week you know guys uh you know lean down i
said six week already and then the

37 00:36:00.000 --\> 00:37:00.000 container would be like takedown or
whatever right uh blueprint jumpstart kickstart you know sprint
accelerator whatever right the point is that we put these things
together now you don't have to have all of them but if you just have
these on the back of your mind you'll always be able to spin headlines
very quickly and name products and offerings um that will convert those
are the seven things that i look at when i'm trying to adjust a
business's offer to make the marketing more compelling and get more
clicks check number two you guys with me so far we still good all right
cause i'm about to show you one of the sexiest things that i have all
right so i can guarantee everyone here that you will get more customers
from the thing i'm going to show you so yes i guess a couple people
moved around in their chairs fantastic this is our pond we have our
little our little wormy guy and now we got to put in the pond so we got
to find our pawns never go hungry again this is actually the the photo
shop uh the ceo is like this is my never go hungry again framework so he
has this posted behind his computer so he knows that there's always ways
to get more customers you can take a picture of this

38 00:37:00.000 --\> 00:38:00.000 because this is this is like my holy
grail if i ever need more business this is where i go all right so
you've got paid media you have earned media you have phone media you
have outbound you have affiliates and partners in your referrals and
i'll show you the the ways that we use each of these um i've i've done
i've done 20 million out of every single one of these boxes except for
earns media um so that's actually the one that and i'm just starting
doing that now um but the other five or whatever um i've made over 20
million from each so i'll tell you like i'll tell you what we do right
now that's working um and so yeah i'm going to show you a lot of \[ \_\_
\] here you're probably not gonna like just pick one or two that you
actually will do and like if you do that then you can go to the next one
like give yourself permission to do the next one if you just do one of
them okay so paid media and i've got one for you in this one okay so
remember we have our little equation we've got to make more in the first
30 days and it costs two buy two customers and fulfill two customers all
right so if you if you don't have an action this is the action for you
just spend 100 bucks a day on those lead ads that don't sell you all
right if you do this give give yourself a slush fund

39 00:38:00.000 --\> 00:39:00.000 there we go give yourself a slash fund
one of the one of the early marketing mentors that i had told me instead
of buying all these courses and coachings and whatever just say whatever
amount of money you're willing to blow every month on advertising and
then always spend it and that way it'll force you to do it and the thing
is is you won't have your ego tied up and you're not gonna be like \[
\_\_ \] i suck it's like well i'm supposed to suck i don't know what i'm
doing but you will figure it out i promise you if you actually just
spend and i just recommend people start 100 bucks a day and you'll start
to see some traction you'll watch some more youtube videos and you'll
learn a lot faster than all the many many many things that you that are
out there okay cool so these are the examples of paid media youtube
facebook instagram influencer shoutouts is actually underrated podcast
gdn podcast meeting you can get the insert the you can pay the person to
basically say commercial like radio uh gdn search radio branded search
is a hack that i'll show you in a second that just about everyone here
is losing money all right it'll give you like your highest return on
advertising so this is

40 00:39:00.000 --\> 00:40:00.000 our advanced lead generation got a
little magnety guy a little promotion then what we do is we give them
some offer to liquidate our acquisition costs our upfront cash offer
that's how we get all that money back we have two ups we have upsell
down cell and every single this this is literally every single offer
that i've home runs has been every single one of them has looked just
like this and then we feed them in a condo day one two three four that's
what we do over and over and over again so i'm gonna give you one cool
this is probably this is the thing that i'm most excited about stuff
that i love more than anything i literally wrote a book just on this one
topic so these are free cash offers so you're like how do i make money
if i'm giving something away for free excellent question brad there we
go limited free this is an example limited free is someone comes in for
xy service that you should always know more about your service than they
do and give i don't want to say an incomplete solution but give a
solution that's not going to i'll give you a simple example if someone
were getting a car wash it would be like the the lowest bare minimum the
car is not even gonna look that much better we'll look better but not
that much better right or if someone is

41 00:40:00.000 --\> 00:41:00.000 coming in to work out at the gym or
rather if someone's coming to lose weight right i'll say you can have
access to our group and we'll give you homework outs while they're at
the gym and they're like but like or you can do our super sexy
guaranteed results double guaranteed has all these bonuses and it's only
this for you right now to start some money you should definitely get
into it well guarantee you lose 10 pounds in the first 30 days if you
don't we'll keep working you for another 30 days fair enough right and
so that is someone someone comes in for something free we give them an
inferior offer and then we upsell them the primary offer all right
that's what we call limited free by the way you also don't even have to
mention the inferior offer because half the time they don't remember
more than half the time second one free with deposit that was the thing
that i mentioned earlier if you ever have any kind of service that it
requires effort on behalf of the customer to get a result anything
that's a lot of services right you can market something for free and
have that like if you did therapy you did life coaching you did anything
that is some sort of like the client has to do something you have to pay
for the program and then

42 00:41:00.000 --\> 00:42:00.000 if they get the outcome or if they do
the habits they can get the program free or rebated or credited back to
them right towards future services does that make sense it's pretty cool
this one \[ \_\_ \] kills this one is awesome i'm telling you this one
is awesome this was made more money than any offer on this board because
what it does is it aligns the customer with the result when they don't
have the they use the money's accountability so your client's success
scores go through the roof and it's like well marjorie if you lose 22
pounds in your first six weeks working with me are you going to keep
you're going to want to come to me for the next 40 and she's like oh
absolutely you're like well that's that's why we do the promotion so i'm
not worried about giving you six weeks free if i get six years shortly
right but if you follow the money from what i said earlier she got six
weeks free because we took the money and we credit it against her future
rate which you probably put up a little bit and then discounted it off
the money that you got does that make sense threes okay giveaways
giveaways are awesome the way you do giveaways properly have a first
place prize and a second place prize this first place prize is your core
offer it's your biggest sexiest most

43 00:42:00.000 --\> 00:43:00.000 expensive package you do that because
then everyone knows the price and you market you are going to give that
one away for free and the second place prize is an acceptable discount
and absolute value so for example if i was giving away god what services
i don't know a year of window washing whatever right and it's the ultra
platinum window washing experience whatever underneath of that let's say
that was a four thousand dollar deal underneath that i would say second
place prize gets six hundred dollars of window washes right you run the
promotion you wait four days give them the countdown of when the when
the person's gonna get to get called then you announce the winner pick
one person everyone else congratulations you won second prize right you
can put in the in the thing more than one winner may apply you're
completely compliant all right and by doing that you give every single
person a 600 off your 4 000 package neat this works really well you want
to get leads this works

44 00:43:00.000 --\> 00:44:00.000 okay free with prepay this is also one
of my favorites so if anybody here has uh recurring services or bundled
services if you're trying to get upfront cash which is this guy then you
can sell like buy three get free and you can double the price for the
thing so you're still selling six months up front basically but it's buy
three get free for buy six get six whatever and that can go with
products or to go with time it doesn't really matter but when you do
this though you get so much cash flow up front you can you can pretty
much out market all your competition it's very cool and churn on prepaid
people is one-fifth of month-to-month people fyi splinter-free so if you
have a type of service or work that has to be done in that's the same
thing that has to be done multiple times so an example would be a
chiropractor or a massage therapist somebody who has this who does the
same service over and over again one of the best things to do is just do
a splinter free offer which means you pull one of them off right

45 00:44:00.000 --\> 00:45:00.000 ideally you want to pull one of them
off and like tanning is a really good example i'll use that one like if
i said i'm going to give you a five day free vip tanning experience
person comes in they're super excited we say hey how tan do you want to
get i'm going to show you this book of tana be like the chocolate one
like okay well you look like vanilla so it's going to take us a lot more
than five days to get there so you want to get there cool then why don't
we just sign you up for a membership right because you can't tan five
days in a row you tend once in five days because otherwise you'll burp
because we know more about our service than our customer does so there's
a lot of things that your customer wants but they don't know how to get
there we can make promotions that in their mind it's like oh it's like
five day weight loss it's like no one loses right but in their minds you
can then educate them so they're better consumers and then make a better
more informed buying decision once kim really understands that she's
vanilla and she wants to get the chocolates take more than five days
we're already here and you like me because i'm smiling and being nice
she'll sign up right and so this offer

46 00:45:00.000 --\> 00:46:00.000 works very very well you break off one
piece same thing like laser hair removal you can't do one session laser
hair removal you need all six right there's lots of things like that you
can break off one or two and they can't really do that without the other
ones that's you give the two for free because you know it'll bring them
in and this one this is one of my favorites so for this event for
example if i were to do invisible freight what invisible free offer is
is i say hey you can come to this event absolutely free but you put your
credit card in at the end of the event if you don't think it was worth
five grand you just let me know after the first day and i'll i'll send
you uh you know we won't bill your card but the upsell that you're
selling right there's or you can pay right now for three grand and get
all the recordings and and and so you have this thing that's marketed
for free the down sell is they sign up for something more expensive
right the down sell is they sign up for something more expensive that
gets them less right and then you say if you don't think it's worth x y
and z then we won't bill you but the

47 00:46:00.000 --\> 00:47:00.000 requirement of that is you have to
show up this works with like webinars too same thing if you if you're
worried about people showing up there's also a great way to get people
to show up right if you're ever doing like a pitching thing too now they
have their credit card like there's different strategies to use this one
for like if you wanted everyone to pitch you could down sell everyone
into just staying and offloading it so you make the prices closer if you
want more people to pay today make the price discrepancy bigger add more
bonuses so if it's like 250 and 200 well then i'll wait i'll wait for
250 or 200 and then i get everyone to show up because the only way they
can not get billed is by showing up and then you have everyone's captive
attention you can pitch your ass off all right this is for brad so this
is the easiest hack that everyone in the entire world can do that you
probably aren't doing own your damn terms so this is literally on the on
the plane today lightspeed lms everybody else is paying for your terms
all these guys are they their marketing guys are doing it and you're
here right so it's like i got gotta say no to all these guys before i
see yours and then everybody who's got an android

48 00:47:00.000 --\> 00:48:00.000 you're not even coming up right and so
it's just like if you just own your brand of terms the return on on ad
spend for branded terms is stupid it's like 20 to 40 to one it's crazy
and it's so easy to set up google how to set up branded search terms 10
minutes and then you can put all these in and guarantee you like all you
do is you send them to a landing page that just says email opt-in phone
number like simple because they're already looking for you they're just
the lowest low toss leads out there but just make sure that they're seen
so it's branded search you're just you're just literally owning your own
keywords you say i want to advertise for bradley lightspeed uh
lightspeed lms lightspeed training light speed like all the variations
of that someone might be searching paid media number one you're like oh
\[ \_\_ \] don't worry the other ones are faster okay earn media i'll
just give you a quick strategy for this most you guys have lists and
contacts all right so my recommendation from a strategy perspective is
to do a quarterly push i'll just move a little faster for you so when
you're doing content like you kill it with content right so the strategy
that we

49 00:48:00.000 --\> 00:49:00.000 see that works is just let them know
what you do not a pitch just let hey it's bradley from lightspeed and
this is what we do and if you're one of those guys awesome then we have
all the value we give and by the way if you're one of those people that
has this problem that we solve you should xyz right so you don't lose
anything from those people when you do that on a regular basis and then
this is what um most people are missing which is a quarterly push all
right so that means once a quarter you do a four day blitz on your list
and that's where you promote like \[ \_\_ \] crazy for four days and
they shut it with real scarcity on an offer and that way you can click
you can squeeze your list every quarter and most people aren't doing
this so if i'm going to go buy a business or buy a piece of a business
i'm looking through this checklist that i'm going through right now the
offer the client finance acquisition for the math and then what traffic
sources we're using and i'm just checking boxes i'm like oh registers
let's get it in uh let's do this and i just keep plugging these holes
and just like that at the end they triple their acquisition right this
is just a checklist all right next one owns media this is actually very
similar

50 00:49:00.000 --\> 00:50:00.000 same concept this is from your
followers where you're promoting it and saying it on your podcast here
you're saying it's your list that you owe everything else is more or
less the same all right the difference here is that this is email list
messenger lists sms list blog audience contacts in your phone depending
on depending on how many contacts you're from phone this is a really
good one right now this is dean jackson's nine word email still one of
the best emails like ever written it's called the nine word email
because it has nine words in it and it says do you still need help
getting that problem solved that's it you email your list that i
guarantee you will get people respond back saying yes i do actually
still need help solving that problem that you saw nothing else don't get
like don't say by the way like nine words are you still struggling with
are you still struggling with issue all right outbound just fyi i mean i
know you guys are more in the sales sales world but we get ridiculous
roi on outbound so we have a 20 outbound team my hack here is to use
multiple forms i know that the software does that too but

51 00:50:00.000 --\> 00:51:00.000 you get way better conversions if you
contact on multiple channels all right uh from a strategy perspective
really quick uh if you're starting out on this channel i just tell
everyone 100 reach out today 100 a day guaranteed you will make more
money and i give people six months when i give it six months like it
snowballs but i haven't yet to have somebody not kill it within six
months if they do that so that's just a simple strategy and it works
very very well um these still work because i feel like people have
forgotten this i don't know why at least in the marketing world
everyone's forgotten about it so it's like blue ocean for us first thing
to do is to call your own leads right seems obvious that sometimes
people have so many leads i talked to a lot of marketers who've never
talked to early system why so first thing to do would be to call your
own leads um next uh i spent fifty thousand dollars in like coaching and
programs and stuff to like learn outbound didn't use any of it i think
the best thing is to just start because every there's enough nuances to
every niche it's worth just like you'll figure it out and that's what we
ended up doing anyways on our

52 00:51:00.000 --\> 00:52:00.000 own um and then yeah give it six
months and then we put ten to twenty percent of our i said marketing
budget even though i said it didn't say but what we currently spend on
advertising we put 10 to 20 of that towards outbound not expecting an
roi for the first two months and it took like a quarter basically it
took like a quarter to roi but now it's about 20 to 1 for us in terms of
return which is really good okay all right affiliates and partners all
right so if i'd say the ones that i've made the most money from one two
lots and lots from these so one of the things that our goal here for
this is to get is to be a full integration so a lot of people do like
hey talk at my thing or do a webinar with me or do a podcast with me and
that stuff's great but i mean it's like you'll see a little blip but i
want full integration and so what i try to figure out is who has
problems that i can solve so for example if i were going after personal
trainers i would go after a software that caters to personal trainers i
would find out that the biggest problem that those people have

53 00:52:00.000 --\> 00:53:00.000 is that the trainers need their first
five clients for the software for them to stick because people don't use
crms if they don't have c's customers right you can't use the crm so if
you don't have customers and so i can say hey mr software guy you've got
14 000 personal trainers and i want to sell stuff to personal trainers i
know how to get them clients why don't you send them to me and i'll
solve your biggest problem with activation and so the idea is i want to
get into their onboarding process the reason prestige labs which is our
supplement company which does more revenue than my gym company does is
because we use the distribution base and integrated the supplement cell
into the onboarding process at every gym that we work with and so when
someone when kimberly comes in she buys services but 48 hours later
we're doing a nutrition consultation we're selling them supplements and
so that all of the marketing has been that all my partners are spending
it flows through big and they're happy to do it because they get paid
handsomely and i'm happy to do it because i don't have to pay for
acquisition now there's two ways that you can use this strategy that i
like one of them is what i just said where you integrate where they're
doing the promoting and selling your stuff the

54 00:53:00.000 --\> 00:54:00.000 other way is where you're doing the
promoting and selling their stuff where you actually become the
affiliate and if you're making if you were if you're not sending too
much money away a lot of times it's a lot less work to just be an affair
you can get 40 50 of top line revenue that you're sending over someone
for none of the work most businesses don't run with 50 margins so if you
can get 50 of top line and do none of the fulfillment and you're already
paying for the traffic anyways why not and then if that person you're
from the business owner also has that list you can you can say you know
what i'll refer all those people over just send some people back right
and that may sound silly but if you do it on a regular basis people will
do it but you have to do it first you have to sell their thing first and
then they will return it all right so um can't really see it but for
prestige labs we have 4 000 affiliates that are brick and mortar mom and
pop shops that sell our products allen is the software that we use we
have uh 200 or 400 now 400 agencies that white label our product and
then sell it on our behalf and they make tons of money doing it we just
make a little piece in all of it

55 00:54:00.000 --\> 00:55:00.000 right and so it's how can i find ways
to make other people money and then integrate so these are the quick
strategies and then we'll get to the the six ways to make more money on
customers um okay so this is a different example that i'll share with
you so uh i was working with a company recently the hybrid for
consulting stuff and they they catered a physical therapist and so they
were like how can we do this partner integration and i was like well
what do you what do all pts sell to every client that who uses physical
therapists as a distribution mechanism to get to customers p to b to c
they're like well orthotics braces like recovery bands all that stuff
it's like right reach out to those companies and say hey give me ten of
your guys i'll teach them how to sell your product in exchange for you
just sending more of your guys for me to teach them how to sell your
product i'll also sell them my product but i'm selling more of your \[
\_\_ \] for you people will feed you like tons if you can solve this
problem for them so like if if you can because most you guys

56 00:55:00.000 --\> 00:56:00.000 here know how to sell so a lot of
people don't know their clients they have people who don't sell their
products you can take their customers teach them how to sell their own
product better and then they will feed people to you because you're
solving their problem we kill it with this and primary action for anyone
here who's an action taker you can do 100 reach out today or just
identify the 10 biggest partners and then spend real money to get them
like real money you know what i mean send them a tv send them a watch
send them something they can't ignore show up at their office and should
be like can i plea i just i've got bags of money i want to throw you
please please let me just give that light to you because it's just
burning a hole in my wallet right and usually people will take that that
meeting also if you send if you send letters with like a thousand
dollars a day in cash people tend to return the calls you do okay
affiliate partners last one referrals and then we'll get to ltv so this
is the golden ratio um 30 of our customers still come from referrals our
goal is the companies to get the percentage of customers who refer to be
greater than percentage of customers who leave if you can achieve this
you have limitless growth

57 00:56:00.000 --\> 00:57:00.000 it's just like the client finest
acquisition of customer success if we can get a higher percentage of
customers to send us someone than to leave our business will grow with
nothing else and so that is our golden ratio so that's the goal with
referrals so here are some examples of stuff that we do for incentives
i'm going to give you a really sexy one right now so obviously this is
the there's the cash one the unlockable bonus is something that's really
nifty and so if you have a vip service or some sort of thing that's of
value like those bonuses i was talking about like something that's
really sizzle right it could be a it could be a software feature it
could be a it could be a training it could be a it could be anything
that you can think of but especially if it's something that gives status
then you say hey they're like what are world those guys got those fancy
bands like oh those are just for people who send us other clients who
don't hate their friends you hate your friends because you haven't done
this anymore i don't know why you hate your friends so much right and so
when you do that it's like a it's like a classy way of paying

58 00:57:00.000 --\> 00:58:00.000 someone without having to pay the cash
tickets to events all those types of things work really well for
referrals all right do you know anybody who's looking to achieve x
that's probably one of the best um outbound openers by the way because
then you don't feel like you're spamming someone and they're like you
know what \[ \_\_ \] my sister i'm the one who needs to lose weight
right and then they tell you okay uh cash bonuses integrated yeah and
then i would make sure that you have this integrated in the onboarding
process i know some of this stuff some of you guys may have heard of but
you might still not do them every company that i like i work with
they're like yeah yeah right ask for referrals i'm like are you like
we've been meaning to like why aren't you where is it in the process
right just show me where it is in the process and then we make sure it
happens every time and then one of the biggest pieces here that's the
last one i'll say about about referrals is from from human psychology as
if i if i take brad to the airport right and i do cry out a favor
immediately after the favor happens is when brad feels the most
positively towards me and

59 00:58:00.000 --\> 00:59:00.000 i actually feel is the doer of the
favor like it wasn't that big of a deal six months later when we look
back on that situation i feel like i did brad a huge favor and brad's
like there's nothing send me the airport and so that is why people have
these weird relationships with businesses sometimes when they leave
because what have you done for me lately really sits in the thing is the
person who's the doer disproportionately feels like they did more than
they actually did so you have two different cognitive biases working
against each other and so when you're doing testimonials or referrals
the moment you have the activation point that first positive magical
moment that you probably have choreographed in your customer onboarding
experience that's when you ask does everyone know where like their big
magical moment their activation point of like if someone does this then
they stay 10 months longer or whatever does everyone know that is if you
don't take your longest customers look at what they did in their
beginning and then try and model that i'll give you one more does
everyone feel like there's a lot of different ways we can get customers
now six different pools do they want to have at least one of these that
you're not doing that you could immediately just pull cash out of okay
good uh most businesses would do

60 00:59:00.000 --\> 01:00:00.000 very well if they just started up by
picking the biggest pile of money in front of them most of us have these
big bags of money that are sitting in front of us that we just don't
pick up and so what i you know what i end up doing for these companies i
just like let's start with this big pile of money and just take 10
minutes on youtube and get creative terms up within by by 5 o'clock
today because it takes that long right and then you have leaflet i've
lit i've never had less than 20 to 40 increase in number of customers
from just doing one of these things i mean that should cover a lot of
guys growth for this year all right so we got the math to how to require
customers at a profit the offer on how to get complete strangers to say
yes because it'd be stupid if they said no because of all the things you
made where where to dangle that little double guaranteed super secret
double bonus six week whatever in front of the in front of their name
and then finally how you become unbeatable all right so this is where
the numbers and metrics become really cool this is probably the part
that i spent the most time on not because it's long but because it's
sexy so how to become a beatle make so much

61 01:00:00.000 --\> 01:01:00.000 money for a customer that you can use
any channel you damn well please does anyone feel like it costs too much
to acquire customers one person anyone else feel like it costs too much
required customers two people anyone else three people four people five
people okay five people this is for you guys everyone else chill the
thing is is that eyeballs are never going to get cheaper than they are
today think about it they will literally never be cheaper than they are
right now and so if you feel like they're expensive now then what is it
going to be in five years more expensive i can guarantee you that i will
bet everything i have on the fact that basically more expensive five
years from now and so this is the only lever that you can pull to be
unbeatable so that you can outspend everyone that way you can use all of
these channels because if you made a million dollars a deal you could
use direct mail and still work use radio nationally and still work
because you make so much more per customer right and so as much as this
is an acquisition thing the back end informs the front end sometimes
when i teach this i go backwards um so let's play a quick money game it
really likes money games all right so this is the business genie
exercise this is our sample business

62 01:01:00.000 --\> 01:02:00.000 we get 30 new clients a month one
client a day the average client stays with us for three months the price
per month is 100 we currently have 100 clients we're at a point of
equilibrium that means that we're not going to grow at this rate we're
not going to shrink at this rate we're going to stay even we have 20
margins we're doing 10 000 a month which means we're taking home 2000 a
month sad face this is our business in this business genie this
beautiful icon of a business jd business gin if you will shows up and
says i can double one aspect of your business which one would you like
it to be it's very it's a niche genius all right option number one i can
double the number of new clients that you sign up every month option
number one option number two i can double the price of your product or
services everything else is the same in all these examples choice number
three i can double the number of purchases per customer which do you
choose you only get one it's a business it's a business genie

63 01:02:00.000 --\> 01:03:00.000 all right so do me a favor all right
i'll do raise hands on choice number one choice number one this one
double number of clients okay choice number two double price of product
and services okay number three double the amount of purchases everyone
makes all right so we have a really even split which is perfect all
right somebody walk through some cool \[ \_\_ \] with you so if i double
the amount of clients that i have right that i'm coming in then i'm
going to go from 30 to 60. the math behind that means that i'm going to
go if the business will double eventually right because the churn stays
the same it's going to double and it's going to get to 200 clients at
100 a month so i'll make 20 grand the 20 margins is 4 grand so i double
the amount of profit did everyone follow me with that yes cool so number
three if i double the amount of purchases per customer it works out to
the same thing because each customer becomes they buy twice essentially
because they're buying two different things from us right so we're an
easier way to say

64 01:03:00.000 --\> 01:04:00.000 this in a recurring business would be
you're doubling the lifespan of the customer they're buying twice as
many times they go from three months to six months right we'd be cutting
churn in half this is a different way of saying it right and so by doing
this this has a slight advantage over number one does anyone know what
it is you don't have mics i'll tell you what it is the advantage of this
one is that your your ltv per customer is twice as high so now i can
spend more on the acquisition right and so the point here is i'm making
twice as much profit per customer i'm making twice as much profit in
each of these scenarios from a business standpoint i'm making the same
amount of profit but this is a better business because i'll be able to
grow this one more easily now for this example i'm keeping all their
variables the same but my marketing cost would be half on this one
because i can acquire the same number of customers to get them to stay
twice as long does that make sense okay if you double your price you
make six times the profit so let me walk you through this if you're at
100 a month

65 01:04:00.000 --\> 01:05:00.000 and your cost of fulfilling was 80
that's the 20 margin we double that we go to 200 and we're still at 80
to fulfill so we now have 20 and the 100 in profit so now we have six
times the amount of profit as we did before and no one \[ \_\_ \] pays
attention to their prices pricing's everything it's the number one lever
on how much money you make so is that cool this is what we're going to
talk about this is my probably my favorite subject so that is how
important the six levers that i'm going to share with you are so when i
said make them worth more it's an increase in lifetime gross profit now
people have heard everyone hear the term lifestyle value it's defined a
million different ways if you if you google it you'll see six different
definitions of it so i will define this for you lifetime gross profit
the purple is the juice all right that is what we that is the squeeze
that is what we get at the end all right that's

66 01:05:00.000 --\> 01:06:00.000 the chop that's the gross profit it's
not the chop that's that would be not profit but the gross profit is the
cost of fulfillment costing goods sold and then what is left over to
them pay all the other should we have rent all the other stuff but it
comes out of this right gross profit is 50. this isn't a good business
by the way this is just an example because it's simple all right so i'm
going to use this as kind of the case study for all the examples i'm
going to give you and i'm going to show you every lever that i pull in a
business to make way more money for a customer all right so in this
business the lifetime revenue is 500 lifetime gross profit is 250.
everyone's with me great all right so if you don't know how to calculate
this in your own business does everyone know what their number is in
their business lifetime gross profit per customer for everyone who
didn't say yes here's how you do it this is the simple way and then i'll
show you what if you have a recurring based business this is the
simplest back of napkin way of doing it take the total revenue that
you've

67 01:06:00.000 --\> 01:07:00.000 collected since you started business
literally just add up the bank statements times your gross margin we
should already hopefully know what your margin is on the on the services
you deliver which is like if you do services for example i pay extra
hour it takes y hours to to get the result why hours compared to the
prices is 20 of the price that makes sense if i sold personal trading
and it was 20 an hour and i sold it for 100 bucks i'd have an 80 gross
margin is that fast okay thank you so i've got the total money times the
margin and then i just divided by the total number of customers i've
ever signed up this will underestimate it but i'd always rather round
down and then make more money but this will be the closest estimation
because if you're like well we're better now than we were before cool
that's okay you can always make more money but it's better to
underestimate these numbers this is better if you have uh just selling
products or like one-time purchases if you have a recurring business or
a business where people will buy more often then this is the way you do
it same top

68 01:07:00.000 --\> 01:08:00.000 line the only thing is different is
that you divide the bottom uh by total number of churned out customers
so like if 900 of my thousand customers have turned then it's going to
be divided by 0.9 which basically makes my ltb go up because 10 of my
customers still are going to keep paying me does that make sense i know
that was kind of complicated but does that kind of make sense i feel
like a kinda all right just go with me don't worry all right so here's
why this is so important this is probably my favorite quote of my own
the business owner that can make his clients more valuable to his
business than his competition wins all right i even misquoted myself but
that's the idea all right so the idea is not like i'm not trying to
outspend everyone i'm trying to make this human being more valuable to
me than anyone else so that means that i'll be able to acquire him
better than anyone else and so the more i can spend an acquisition the
more channels will be opened up to me and then the more depth of the
channel i can reach like if i get priced out of facebook when i spend
what's like once i go past 300 000 of my audience because it's too
expensive to reach the

69 01:08:00.000 --\> 01:09:00.000 next part then i get priced out right
so if i can spend more than i can keep going deeper and deeper into each
of the channels that i have on top of that i can also get more depth in
the actual market like market penetration because i can still outspend
my competition right so if you can only spend a dollar to acquire a
customer you'll probably never be in business and so but no one looks at
this and like my marketing doesn't work it's probably because your
business doesn't work right and that's the issue okay like even facebook
which is free makes forty dollars a year on everyone crazy right haven't
thought about like two dollars and fifty cents a month goes to facebook
for when you log in for selling your eyeballs so this is what it looks
like in real time so this is let's say this is a gym owner even though
he's got a tiny business thing let's just say it's a gentleman so
there's got you know he's got old spice marketing to him he's got he's
got equipment manufacturers that's their ltv or ltgp excuse me uh then
you've got apparel and then you've got software and then you've got gym
launch me marketing against right well i cannot spend all these guys

70 01:09:00.000 --\> 01:10:00.000 so this is what happens i own all of
his eyes his eyes are mine because i can outspend all of them i'll just
i'll artificially raise the prices so that they can't bid on his eyes so
it's a ethical i don't know ethical it's a legal way to create a
monopoly if i could make so much more money than the rest of my
competitors then i can own every eyeball that's in my audience because
i'll set the cpm so high no one else can bid i'll bid against myself to
give them high does that make sense that's like position to \[ \_\_ \]
you that's what the back end does okay and that's why i refer to
lifetime gross profit as the arms race of business like if you have this
you have the biggest stick so here's the six ways that i increase
lifetime gross profit number one you can increase the price which we did
in our little genie example that's just one of them the second one is
you can reduce the actual cost of fulfillment and i'll show you some of
the ways that we look at number three is you can increase the number of
purchases that a customer does number four is you can upsell them which
has two different types of upsells one is making something

71 01:10:00.000 --\> 01:11:00.000 better the other was selling more of
the same thing so one is quality one is quantity down sells is the
opposite of that so it's poor quality lower quantity or fewer fewer and
then six is cross sells so it's what's the adjacent need they're gonna
have all right a lot of people just kind of lock cross cells and upsells
together and i don't like to i think there's more nuance to them if you
can think as you can think in nuance you'll act in new ones you'll be
able to think more creatively about the business so increasing price
this one's a quick one look at the difference in lifetime revenue and
gross profit if i increase the price by 50 i doubled my profit i have
this conversation with gym owners all the time on average we increase
the recurring revenue by 38 a month the average gym makes 12 and a half
percent net margins the average gym is at 129 a month so if i had 38
dollars and they're making 12 and a half i just 3.1x their profit
they're like what do i care about 38 bucks i'm like i'm gonna triple
your \[ \_\_ \] profit that's why that's why this is important so number
one if there's a way to increase the perceived value that's what we do
the bait the

72 01:11:00.000 --\> 01:12:00.000 bait the offer all that stuff is so
that we can raise the price that we can make more money number one i
told this one be quicker they're just more visuals but they're fast fast
and easy that's what my wife called me here we go so number one is if
you have people in your company that are doing like basic administrative
or even semi-skilled work you can outsource it for four dollars an hour
to 12 pages and they do a great job just fyi so you can probably cut
down your cost of fulfillment for a lot of the services that you sell or
products that you sell and by doing that you still increase the margin
which increases your lifetime gross profit which allows you to make more
and spend more aggressively all right another one that we do uh is tools
and software so like subtitle for example i've got this video guy that i
paid that i paid that i used to pay to do all this stuff but now we can
do other stuff right which is like automatically get the the things
captioned get that nice like meme cover and like the progress bar it
does it all of that all of that with a click of a button and so it's
like well great well then now you have all this other time to do high
value stuff rather than do this this kind of stuff design pickle things

73 01:12:00.000 --\> 01:13:00.000 like that so there's software that can
they can take a lot of the high value labor and just automate it
technology so if you have tech so like our our our agency software for
example makes chat responses you know it increases the chat efficiency
of a person by about 100 x all right and so by doing that we make the
cost of fulfilling lead nurturing 100th of what it would normally be and
so i can sell it at a reasonable rate but it cost me pennies compared to
what it cost my competitors and so when you have this type of advantage
then i can make ridiculous profits because i'm pricing at market but it
costs me nothing and so i have so much more room compared to everyone
else and then forecasting if you're in a products business buying
wholesale obviously if you have the cash flow we do that a lot on our
supplement side just to decrease our description our cost of goods all
right so this is what it looks like visually and then that's what it
looks like so the top line didn't change but the bottom line did that's
the difference this still is an increase in lifetime gross profit check
box number three increase number of purchases here we go so number one
is decreasing churn which is aka getting

74 01:13:00.000 --\> 01:14:00.000 people to buy again all right so that
is providing a better service doing more activation more onboarding etc
number two is increasing the quality of the product next was increase
follow-ups for repeat purchases all right so most people right now don't
do any of this like there's so many ways to reach people so i told you
like there's little pockets of cash right now in your business this is
probably a pocket of cash for you just like literally just waiting for
you just like okay increasing the follow-up and then finally uh increase
client outcome to increase volume uh for rev share that was for you
right and so if i can if i can increase the number of purchases
effectively if i have a rev share thing then how can i increase the
outcomes how can i teach them skills that will make them more money
right so that they will in turn pay me more money all right and this is
what that looks like so if i'm increasing number of purchases i'm not
increasing my margin on a relative basis but on an absolute basis i now
have twice as much as i did before is everyone thinking like the purpose
of this is so that you can think about your own services and products
and think oh that would be an easy thing that i could

75 01:14:00.000 --\> 01:15:00.000 do right now just make more money
right these are all the different ways you can increase the lifetime
value of a customer upsells all right so there's two types of upsells
number one is you can sell more of something one burger goes to two
burgers number two is you can make a better burger you go from a small
burger to a big burger or a normal burger to an organic burger whatever
two different types of upsells so right now if you have a core service
if you're thinking what kind of upsells can i do can i sell more of it
can i sell a better version of it those are easy things a lot of times
you just survey the customers asking what they want all right so when
i'm thinking about upsells number one is units i can sell more web pages
if i was selling a web page service now i can sell more types of pages
right number two would be like if i'm selling service i can sell it by
units of time so i've got units in terms of quantity and i also have
time so if i'm trying to upsell for more i think about both of them
right so right now if you have different things inside of your business
like if you're currently selling support why don't you sell 12 months of
support why don't you sell 24 months of support

76 01:15:00.000 --\> 01:16:00.000 if you're selling one one site why
don't we sell a 10 tab website it's units right there's always more
units you can sell if you think if you think you're a problem next one
is survey says morse this is what it looks like visually boom so now
you'll notice again this is the same duration of time they're not
staying longer necessarily but we're getting them to buy more of the
same thing that's why the margins are the same right i'm going to show
you a different example later where the margins are different all right
so now this is the second type of upsell which is better all right so
you've got let's say normal service and that could give you expert
service that's quality right a different version of quality just because
i like to give examples is the enhanced burger like i said earlier
before that you've got web page design and then you've got web page
design that loads really fast speed remember they said the value
equation these are the values quality time decrease after preference
degrees effort and sacrifice decrease time right those

77 01:16:00.000 --\> 01:17:00.000 are the things that you're reversing
when you're thinking about your upsells right another version of this if
you have a slow burger or a fast burger right you can wait 20 minutes
for you to get in three it's more valuable right so you can upsell that
same with service do you have chat support where do you have phone call
support that's an upsell right so that's access and convenience and in
the burger example are you are you eating at home or is it getting
delivered all right so if i'm thinking about upsells for enhancements
that are better you've got quality you've got speed and you've got
access and convenience so right now does anyone can anyone think of
something they should be upselling that's one of these things in your
own business great awesome so pro tip is anyone here competing against
somebody who gives their stuff away for free like what you sell
sometimes it happens in software so if you're ever competing against a
free competitor the only thing that beats free is speed fast beats free
if once a year chipotle gives away a free burrito to anyone who dresses
like

78 01:17:00.000 --\> 01:18:00.000 a burrito and if i want to get
chipotle on halloween i gotta wait two hours if there was a line next to
the free line for ten dollars to buy chipotle i would pay the ten
dollars to not get the free burrito and wait people pay for speed so
fast speed's free a lot of people think about the components of time for
their offers okay with better it's the same concept all right but you'll
notice with this upsell i can make much more profit right and so
interestingly your upsell can have a lot more profit than your core
offer cam right which is pretty nifty i have the numbers over here if
you're seeing them in the hypotheticals and so this is a quick pro tip
for you as well if you are doing upsells many times you want the upsell
price to be five times the core offer price here's why customers are
fractal they're 80 20. so it's the pareto principle right and so 20 of
my customers one out of five if i want to double my revenue i 5x the
price

79 01:18:00.000 --\> 01:19:00.000 so that one out of five buys my five
times higher price and so i double the revenue my business by adding a
single upsell but i might have way higher margins on my outsole that i
have on my original so i might 2 or 3x or 4x my profit by having that
upsell down cells so this is an easy one that \[ \_\_ \] no one does um
there's two types of down cells the people that we're going to say no
that then say yes and the second is people who are going to leave but
then stay all right and so think about all these as little golden bb's
in the business pro tip for this is if you're if your sales guys for
example never sell the the low cost things they get on the phone and the
kids like just you have this thing they never sell it we do a we do a we
buy you lunch it's the simplest thing in the world we say who's buying
lunch today and so if anyone sells our low-cost product because everyone
every once in a while you get an unqualified lead you can't buy the real
thing right and so whoever sells the the lowest ticket thing that day
the lower ticket thing the down sell lunch is bought in that sales guy's
honor it worked better than commissions they were just happy to get

80 01:19:00.000 --\> 01:20:00.000 stick you know steak or grub hub every
day and so they just motivate them every morning to try and get to get
lunch covered for them so a downsell you have a worse version right you
have one on one you can't really see it here and then group right
version of whatever the thing you have is the level of support you might
have a full suite solution and then you can have a done with you or a
do-it-yourself solution so you have different levels of service that
you're gonna you're gonna put with it okay and so let's say in this
first example someone says no and then says yes so they say no to the
core offer so we make no money and now we make an extra and here's
what's really cool the down cells oftentimes for us are actually higher
margin so we sell stuff that has almost 100 margins for our down cells
so even though we make less absolute money we still usually do a pretty
decent profit on it right and so and that's natural because they're
going to be buying something that is lesser naturally right so you don't
want to give something that's like equal or still costs you time and
money on a down cell all right so the second one is uh instead of
getting them to leave we get them to stay and so we say hey i know

81 01:20:00.000 --\> 01:21:00.000 you were at this level support we'll
let you stay for this now we're going to remove one thing that you don't
care about and so you probably have more than one service or feature
that you offer remove one and then give it to them at the lesser price
that way you can ethically say that you're not charging different rates
for different people so make sense which of these things catherine do
you hate that you never use this one great knock it off now you can get
it at this price because especially like software you'll get a lot
better you'll you'll extend the ltv to the customer last one cross-sells
everyone talks about these i'll show you a couple cool things with these
that we do okay what are all aspects of the customer journey immediately
before and after purchasing permit what is their next national need so
this is the question so if you're looking at your customer journey what
is the thing that they normally do immediately before they start doing
business with you and what is the thing that they do immediately after
they start doing business with you after they purchase there's usually a
next natural thing there's lots of pairings that happen with with sales
right there's like you you made them make the decision to do or invest
in something right

82 01:21:00.000 --\> 01:22:00.000 usually there's other stuff that comes
as a result of that decision we did the hard work of spending money to
acquire the customer getting on the phone doing 16 follow-up calls to
get them to close then get the rest the \[ \_\_ \] money around them
right and so there's two ways to do this number one is you can refer the
business out and receive commissions we do this all the time we've made
millions in commissions just for sending business that we say hey this
is our preferred partner this is who we recommend and just like i told
you earlier if i'm sending these guys business they'll send business
back right and i'll get paid on it so i'm sending business getting paid
and getting customers as of goodwill does that make sense yes okay um
number two is that if if it's like a lot of money that you're referring
away so for example with the gyms we taught them how to sell supplements
i saw i did the math in my head and i was like there's a lot of
supplements so let's build that so we decided to build that right the
entire business ended that's what um alberto is doing with the mortgages
he's doing the bank now because he's referring that business out and at
a certain point you look at

83 01:22:00.000 --\> 01:23:00.000 the math and you're like \[ \_\_ \] we
should be owning that right we're sitting these guys these guys are
making more money on our customers than we are if that's ever the answer
these guys are making more money than my customers than i am then that
makes sense to do business most times they're not so i might as well
just take 30 20 40 commission and not have to deal with a headache but
still get all these little revenue streams right i'm an affiliate for
like 20 different things that we just get paid for every single month
because we would tell them to do it anyways so like susie signs up for
the gym well i'm going to tell her well hey they become affiliates of
ours for the supplements because they refer the business right but it's
like what apparel grants because they're going to be like what things my
hands are hard what gloves should i use here's here's my book of all of
my affiliate links i'll buy them with you together and just like that we
made another 200 on the customer that took no effort right so there are
these next natural things that your customers are buying know what they
are and then just provide them for them ahead of time and get paid for
it so cross sells the simple answer simple simple example burger do you
want coke with that right it's

84 01:23:00.000 --\> 01:24:00.000 different it's not another burger or a
better burger or a faster burger it's a coke right if i'm selling
fitness it's all fitness would do you want supplements with that yes
right next version if i'm selling website design i say hey now that we
have your website do you want to get advertising with that hey do you
want premium support with that right these are all next natural needs
they're going to have do you want ads and premium support and fast cloud
service hosting whatever the you know tech stuff whatever more of that
stuff right all of these are cross sales that we'll use and so if you
can list out the customer needs and think about before and after that's
the easiest way to think about it then you'll be able to capture all of
this gold in front of you all right and so this is where a lot of the
juice is squeezed you go from you know you had 500 revenue 250 in gross
profit to you know 520 just by this example right because you have a ton
of extra margin of these i think i have an example right here so i don't
know if you guys know this i stole this from digital marketer you can
actually build an entire business off cross-cells so if your core
product doesn't have

85 01:24:00.000 --\> 01:25:00.000 enough juice in it you can actually
mark it down below the competitors give it away for free or at a loss
call a loss leader and then upsell the coke and the fries because you
know that's where all the profit is right you make the better burger you
sell it at cost or below cost and then so you said this is the example
you spend a dollar ninety one to get a person to drive through earn 18
cents in gross profit right on the burger but then you make on the two
dollar burger sale but you make a dollar fourteen on fries and coke
right you're making six times the profit on the upsell so if you know
these things about your business and you know that there's an adjacent
thing that's way higher margin and easier for you that you're usually
just referring it away well hey make sure you're capturing it and b if
you're not then bring it in-house so that was the six i'll do i'll do
this real quick for you so you can see it and how you make your
customers more valuable and be able to use any acquisition channel you
download please so that is that is the six of the arms race of lifetime
value there we go check box worm guy math traffic offer money

86 01:25:00.000 --\> 01:26:00.000 those are the four frameworks that we
use to go from a thousand dollars to 112 million in sales in 44 months
you guys good with a quick wrap-up yeah okay fantastic so i know we
covered a lot we talked about the only way to grow a business there's
only two get more customers make them worth more right we talk to the
four frameworks we got the math how to require customers in a profit the
offer how to get complete strangers to raise their hands and give you
money uh number three how to never run out of customers because there's
unlimited different pools that you can go through and then the money how
to become unbeatable on the back end this is the mass framework that i
showed you guys earlier hopefully this should now make sense to you in
terms of how you can actually make a profit with zero dollars up front
on acquiring customers the number one formula that is literally been the
base system which i built my acquisition life how it works in a
day-to-day basis from day to day today as you're doing this process uh
the offer itself right the seven components that i look at uh that i can
kind of boost any of the offers i have adding guarantees recycling the
you know recycling the naming formula adding urgency adding scarcity uh
making the core offer smaller adding the bonuses making sure that the
core offers solving

87 01:26:00.000 --\> 01:27:00.000 the four main value drivers um seeing
if i can offer free front end or discount front end so they can attract
more customers um the value equation itself we can always use and think
back to to make your core thing more valuable there's the visuals for
those scarcity urgency guarantees magic naming formula the traffic we
talked about this the six different new client sources the boom if you
didn't get that picture earlier and then the make them worth more that's
the equation that we use for if you have a simple business or a
recurring business there's the equations to calculate it and then you
can always measure against that we now know how much more powerful
pricing is compared to adding more customers we're getting them to buy
more both those things are good this is the biggest lever in your
business so i showed you six ways to make more money the customer that's
the top one six ways to increase ltgp increase price reduce cost
increase number of purchases upsells downsides cross sales getting down
cells you can either get them to stay longer or just turn to no into a
yes from that all the different

88 01:27:00.000 --\> 01:28:00.000 versions of the cross cells that exist
not that you can think of which is always the next adjacent need so let
me ask you a quick question let me ask you a slow question do you feel
like you could use any of these frameworks yes do you feel like you
understand how to acquire customers profitably and grow without capital
for those of you who don't have the capital spent do you feel like you
could create a more valuable offer that would get more conversions at
higher prices now do you feel like you have new client sources that you
have neglected and can easily use right now even if you use just a
single piece of a single framework to get you more customers or make
them worth more would you say our time was well spent yes awesome thank
you for having \[Applause\]
