https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55H71isO\_Bo

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 scientists have discovered a
revolutionary new treatment that makes you live longer it enhances your
memory and makes you more creative it makes you look more attractive it
makes you slim and lowers your food cravings it protects you from cancer
and dementia it wards off colds and the flu it lowers your risk of heart
attack stroke and not to mention diabetes you'll feel happier less
depressed less anxious are you interested if so keep listening
practically right now the number one thing that actually does all this
stuff is sleep and sleep is a key determinant in how good of sleep you
are physically how much fat you store and where how good you are making
decisions how productive you are how intelligent you are and in other
words this isn't the kind of stress that makes you stronger it's the
kind of stress that makes you dumber fatter slower and with a smaller
bank account and if you don't know who i am my name is alex mosey i am
the owner managing partner of acquisition.com we have a portfolio of
companies about 85 million a year and i have nothing to sell you and one
of the key questions i get a lot is what do you do at night in order to
have a nighttime routine and so i have assembled a large amount of
habits over my life i think i counted them over 55 that i'm going to

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 go with you and a lot of them are as
tiny as put you know take a piece of salt before you go to bed so that
you don't pee at night like there's tiny little hacks that i've
developed over time that i've acquired from learning and i heavily
ripped off this presentation from the presentation that i gave with dr
trevor cashy my good friend at one of our licensee meetings and so
without further ado i want to explain to you why this is such an
important part of making money and that might sound crazy to you but i
will explain and so the reasons for entrepreneurs in terms of why we
need to have good sleep schedule good sleep hygiene good sleep routines
etc is really two main things number one is impulse control and number
two is intelligence so from an impulse control perspective i'm sure you
guys have already heard a lot of self-development books and know about
the lizard brain and all that kind of stuff um and as it turns out a
sleep deprived brain basically has use has us performing as a drunk
person and so it gives us the emotional stability of a drunk human being
and so the the fancy connection between you being a lizard and the part
of your brain that says hey maybe we shouldn't do that gets weaker and
so your ability to put on the brakes goes

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 down and so it doesn't inherently make
you a negative person but it makes you more reactive and more prone to
be overreactive or emotional when you ideally shouldn't be in a business
scenario second is intelligence so our ability to learn new things the
more you sleep the more your brain clears out useless information from
short term and stores it as useful information into the long term so if
you don't sleep as much you'll have a goofy short-term memory while
you're on wake on top of a terrible capacity to move information from
short-term to long-term while you sleep not only that uh what you do to
manage to learn during a sleep-deprived state erodes away each night so
even if you get a regular time to sleep your ability to store learn and
recall information is cut almost in half with as little as two hours of
sleep deprivation all right so to drive this home your ability to learn
is even apparent with fitful sleep that is to say sleeping enough but if
your sleep is poor quality you are still doomed to be learning
challenged and this can mean anything from the ghost um in other words
if you don't sleep as much or as well as you could be you're dumber
because of it and as a result you'll make less money that's my case now
i didn't really like any of this

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 stuff in general because i'm not a big
believer in superstitions and whatnot and i will cover some of my
beliefs around this topic but my first wake-up call was when i actually
had a client in my first business uh i snapped at a customer and she was
like you can't do that i realized what i had said and the person had a
very normal request and i just like really bit their head off um she's
like you're not gonna be able to run a business like this and that was
when i realized i needed to change some stuff and so that kind of began
the journey for me down this 100 million dollar sleep compendium of
little tips and tricks that have served me well over 55 that i will
cover in this video now that being said i broke this down into kind of
four major buckets um beliefs around sleep that have served me well the
environment that is conducive to the best high quality sleep three
intake in terms of all things you put into your body or directly applied
to your body that have improved my ability to sleep and then finally uh
habits that surround sleep and activity in general that i generally um
do and so i didn't really think that i had so many of these until i
started to write them down for this video because it was a question that
i was getting in my faqs on the gram and

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 so without further ado let's rock and
roll okay so here are my eight beliefs around sleep number one is do not
create superstition all right so you have to remove the have to must
need to should uh from like if i don't get eight hours of sleep right
like if you if you think that way so as much as i just said everything's
important i'm now gonna just contradict myself in saying that i think
that these beliefs are more important than the rest of the stuff i'm
gonna cover this video alright because the thing is is like still think
about this as an 80 20. like if 80 percent of the time you're good and
20 of the time you're not it happens right we're human and everyone
wants to be perfect and no one is and then for that reason we get upset
with ourselves that being said whenever you say things like i have to i
must i should you're actually creating a threat to yourself in the
universe because the next thing is or what like i have to get this sleep
comma or what right or i have to follow my routine comma or what right
and if you fill out that or what all of a sudden you realize that some
of the beliefs you have are kind of silly and so one of the worst things
you can do after this presentation is a disclaimer and a warning is take
all of this all the stuff i'm going to show you as doctrine and say if i
don't do all these 55 things i am a a terrible person i

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 will have terrible sleep i will make
less money and i will suck don't do that all right if you can take one
or two of these things to improve your sleep on 10 of your nights of
sleep for the year it's a win right so look at it on 365 nights if we
can by the end of this video increase your quality of sleep by 10 or 20
just from one 20 minute thing that you do one time and consume it that
is a amazing return on time and attention all right so so just as a big
disclaimer number two as much as i just said that sleep is so important
a belief that has served me well is thinking i don't need a lot of sleep
now in doing that what it does is that my anxiety around sleep is not
really present at all like i don't obsess about sleep i have done all
the things that i'm going to cover in this video and i do these things
ahead of time so i don't have to think about it um but like i don't i
don't allocate a lot of time towards sleep stuff in general especially a
lot of mental efforts a lot of people struggle with sleeping and i
understand that and i am not one of them but i think part of it is
because of the 55 things i'm about to show you which i have now covered
two of them now the the third point here is i like to have the belief
that i can sleep anywhere right so we want to create our sleep dojo
right our our ideal scenarios

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 where we want to sleep but we want to
have the capacity the flexibility the adaptability to be able to sleep
on a floor with nothing right and so it's balancing these two ideas of
like i want to increase the likelihood of my my success or ideal outcome
while also in no way needing to having to musting this thing right i'm i
don't have to do this thing i prefer to do this thing all right number
four this is a belief that has served me well ninety percent of the
benefit that you get of being asleep is from being just in a dark room
with your eyes closed and so the reason you might be like well i don't
know if that's sciencey hold on if you've ever been tired in the middle
of the day and you just close your eyes for 10 minutes or 15 minutes
then you feel completely like regenerated or re-energized it's because
you get a lot of benefits just from being in a dark room with your eyes
closed and so i have taken that as a belief of mine because sometimes
when you have this anxiety of like i have to fall asleep quickly i have
to get more hours i have to count down the clock like all of those
things decrease the likelihood you're going to sleep and so for me
that's why i say i don't need a lot of sleep i just remember that's 80
20. i don't have to be superstitious about it i am the type of person
that can be successful and energized and

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 succeed even if i sleep i don't sleep
at all because i have a history and a past i've known that i can do that
and so it decreases my need for having to sleep which then in so doing
actually allows me to sleep more number five working all day helps so so
i i never really had any issues sleeping but i especially didn't have
issues sleeping when i was starting my first businesses because i worked
literally all day long and i could sleep standing up and so if you ever
in these situations we are struggling i do think that just literally
working harder doing more stuff doing more thought consuming work doing
more physical activity helps and so if you're not if you're not doing
that stuff maybe you can take a real ego egoless look at yourself and
say like can i be working harder are the things that i'm doing right now
not engaging and that could be in your work that can be whatever and in
so doing is it impairing my sleep because i'm not getting enough of a
spike during the day which is not creating enough of a trough at night
because the actual worst case scenario of what it looks like to not
sleep well is that usually you're groggy during the day and then you're
groggy at night but you're never fully asleep and you're never fully
awake so what you want is the highest peaks during the day and the
lowest troughs at night and if

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you're not getting the high peaks you
need to create the high peaks so that you can give yourself the
opportunity to crash number six tracking i stopped doing it so i used to
track at one of those rings or a band or whatever i remember i've tried
i've tried apps i've tried different things but what ended up happening
in and i i'll tell you i haven't solved this problem for me i get i'm
too competitive i'm competitive with myself and i see and every day i
wanted to you know break a new sleep record but you don't hit sleep
records right like but i am an incremental improver by nature and so
whenever i saw that stuff i ended up thinking and obsessing and i would
try not to move at all because i didn't want to move my phone which
would \[ \_\_ \] the app up um and so i i basically threw out all the
apps and i slept better as a result because the end of the day that's
all that matters all right number seven don't judge yourself not good or
bad as humans animals don't need perfect sleep to survive think about
the amount of times the animals have to move in the middle of the night
because the predator comes by like all of these things are ideal they're
we don't have to be perfect and judging ourselves is usually the source
of the vast majority of the anxiety that we have is that we say we are
bad sleepers therefore i'm a bad person i i have i

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 don't have mental health that's great
blah blah blah which then you can ask the question why do i need to have
great mental health right why is why does it make me a bad person right
and so you can ask other questions around the threats that you're
implying with your must have to statements and then finally and this is
a belief that has served me while this is kind of on the border of habit
but it felt better in this bucket treating weekdays and weekends as the
same thing is one of the easiest and biggest things that you can do in
the beginning of your kind of entrepreneurial career because you
probably work on weekends anyways so they are probably your weekdays as
much they're just weekdays without meetings and so you can actually just
get more work done and so for me my most productive work actually
happens on the weekends and so that's when i want to get my best sleep
right and so i definitely don't want to change the way i sleep and when
i wake up during those times or treat them any differently okay so
without further ado that is the first of the four buckets so beliefs are
now covered sorry i didn't put check marks on this thing i figured you
guys would care more that i just cranked this out for you those are the
beliefs and that is my big disclaimer before i dive into this because
people will love to say oh my god if i don't do all these 50 things

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 i'm gonna suck and i don't want you to
do that take one or two of them take three or four of them implement
them over time maybe one of these things is like oh i didn't know i
could do that and awesome we'll do okay number one make the room cold
and if it looks like it's small on the on the form on the sheet here
it's because i have a lot of them on this list so here's nine
environment hacks all right these are the things that you can do and
this is the nice thing about the environment hacks you can do it once
and then never worry about it again like i love do it once and then get
benefits forever this is one of these things so make sure that you have
good ventilation if you haven't fixed your ac unit and it's not strong
enough if you haven't fixed the insulation in the room fix it you'll
sleep better it is worth it no matter how much money you make for the
life benefit you get because if you sleep better you tend i'll give you
an interesting stat that i don't have in the presentation one more hour
of sleep creates more happiness for the average american than an extra
70 000 a year okay crazy so think about that like you can try to make
more money or you can just sleep a little bit more right or a little bit
better so number one make the room cold typical is 68 to 72 we sleep at
67. i like it cold i run hot and i

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 tend to have like a sheet on and layla
has like two blankets all right so make sure that the room is cold
enough for you if it's not it's just miserable number two have a house
plant in the sleeping room everyone needs a friend right something alive
is nice now i'll tell you at the very end of this little nine part
section all the things that i do i do number one i don't do number two
and i'll explain at the end in a second but number three get rid of all
the lights in the room aside from the overhead lights obviously so don't
do the charging stuff leds anything of that nature not even your phone
in the sleeping room all right so get out the screens tv's computer get
it out of the room all right keep your phone in another room if you can
it will keep your anxiety levels also a tad bit lower because all of
your anxiety comes from your phone so if you can get it out of the room
getting out of the sleeping area will help you from a headspace
perspective okay number four get blackout curtains or eye mask or better
yet do both and you want to be able to like it should be able to be
pitch black in the room in the middle of the day like that's how
isolated is like just having curtains isn't good enough because there's
the things on the sides and i'm telling you i know this sounds minor but
like the depth of your like these are all you do this one time and you
just get better sleep forever so like to me one-time fix for long-term

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 benefit worth it all right number five
and you know what as a side note a lot of people don't do this stuff in
their businesses either it's like if you can if you can front load the
work and then just get enduring compounding returns on on the back end
why not do it okay so number five get a weighted blanket anecdotal
evidence suggests 10 of your body weight so if you're 200 pounds get a
20 pound blanket make sense there's actually a ton of research that
supports this which is pretty cool it's rare that like new stuff
actually comes out that's useful way to blankets pretty cool number six
get a nice mattress all right i can give you the stats you know the
mattress salesman pitch but basically you're spending eight hours of
your day right in bed it's like a third of your day it's like we spend
millions of dollars on a house when you spend like a grand on a mattress
like come on it just like it you don't even spend that much time in your
car like think about it i i agree with the pitch and i think it makes
complete sense like there's not many expenditures that will increase the
quality of your life and your productivity so much as just getting a
mattress that isn't shitty number seven this is a great one this is
actually one that i started we started doing like six six or seven years
ago and it's just been really great and i used to make fun of layla for
it but now i actually really like it having a white noise

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 machine or a white noise app on your
phone there's a zillion free ones or getting used to ear plugs if you're
used to that because we right now like where i'm at right now we're on
the strip so like i have plenty of noise and light around me so we have
blackout curtains and we've got your earplugs if we need them which i
only really have to do on like big concert nights because a white noise
machine covers all that and so like if you and you and your partner you
make noise or you have have all the little creaks and things that wake
you up in the middle of the night all of that goes away with a white
noise machine so like for me this is one of those things like if you get
used to the beginning because i didn't have it lailey used to sleep with
one and i didn't and i started sleeping together and so i had to get
used to sleeping with white noise but now that we do have it it's
actually awesome because when you go to hotels when you're in different
areas and you have this thing that you can't control from an
environmental perspective just having white noise just blocks everything
out which is great all right you can even have a fan and pointing
against the wall doesn't really matter eight um i have an orthotic
pillow so uh for me i have like terrible neck \[ \_\_ \] and so i sleep
with an orthotic glow like wraps around my back like a u it's like a 200
pillow i'll see if i can put links in the in the description from some
of the stuff that i reference but anyways getting a

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 good pillow is important so like try
them out and like here's here's a fun one buy five if you're like i'm
gonna spend five i'm gonna buy five pillows yes buy five pillows figure
out the one you like the most and then toss the rest and you're like
what waste yes life is short sleep on a good pillow all right number
nine sleeping buddies consider separate rooms i know this is crazy and
and absolutely against common common whatever um layla and i actually
didn't sleep in the same bedroom for like a year and a half and it and
believe it or not you can still have sex if you don't sleep in the same
bed the same way you did before you were married when you didn't sleep
in the same bed i know crazy and so uh you'll also probably like each
other more if you're both sleeping a little bit better but i actually
used to have terrible terrible trouble breathing i still kind of do
which is why i wear these patches which cover in a second and so we did
that for a while i got my my sleep thing fixed and this is one of those
trade-offs where like technically we should continue to sleep in
separate bedrooms but life-wise layla prefers me to be in bed with her
and so that is what we do all right so these are all like i said these
are not half twos these are like would be nice if you can do it as a
one-time fix all right so

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 those are the nine environmental hacks
now you might be like well what do i take from this i do all the stuff i
just mentioned except i don't have any plants because i don't like life
i want death to stare me in the face every night before i go to bed i
just haven't gotten around to it but there's plenty of resources to
suggest that's a good thing i don't do the way to blanket right now i
think it's because we we moved and i just didn't take the blanket with
me when i slept in my own bed i had a weighted blanket it's just been
kind of annoying with layla because then it's like it's just kind of a
pain and i need a heavier one than she does and so like logistically for
me it was a pain so that's why i don't do it but i do it is beneficial
and it does help i think it also makes you move less because it's just
heavy and so it kind of keeps you more still which i think is helpful as
well uh we don't sleep in separate beds because uh post neurosurgery
like i mentioned and i do have my phone in the room all right but i
don't have all the other lights i do all the blackout stuff all the cold
stuff all the other things i just said we do i do have my phone in the
room though but there are no like alarm clock lights or anything else
and my phone is down against the thing and i probably shouldn't do it
but i haven't had an issue sleeping so that goes to show you that you
can just get half the \[ \_\_ \] right and still be fine okay so

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 beliefs and environment check check
one two going to number three which is intake this one will be fun these
are all the things you get to do to your body and imbibe yourself all
right number one if you have supplements and things like that that you
want to take put it next to your bed or buy your toothbrush it's the
easiest way that i have found to not have to forget this stuff because i
am inherently i tend to be a forgetful person all right all right i just
don't remember things as frequently as i probably should okay so i use
sleep multipliers product by prestige labs i probably should have a link
or logo i used to own majority of the company i still continue to take
the product it's exceptional if you are the type of person who tracks it
take it for 30 days and look at your sleep source before and after and
for everyone it's not a sedative all right you're not gonna like
immediately take it and just like pass out but what you will notice is
that your average sleep scores on a 30-day rolling period will be better
i guarantee it all right like i said i don't know i'm not the majority
of the governor of the company so i could say that but uh it is
expensive but it is 100 worth it it is so so so worth it um like what do
you pay for increas like people buy courses they buy all these things
when you could spend like three

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 bucks a day and have 20 increased
output because you sleep better like to me it's not even a question okay
let's get to the things that we're gonna try and help prevent from
things that fragment sleep so peeing a lot of people get up in the
middle of night one two three times to pee so here is where we can
actually nip this in the butt i used to do this so like let me help
number one you can take salt tabs before you go to bed all right so if
you take if you have salt tabs next to your bed you can take them and i
drink it with gatorade zero rather than water because there's salt in
there as well and what it happens is you it constricts the amount of
water you like you bloat right but the thing is is like don't worry like
if you get on a cycle you'll pee it out you're not gonna look bloated
all right but what happens is it it will restrict the amount that you'll
pee for a short period of time all right and so you might actually be
able to make it through the night without having to pee if you take the
extra salt all right that's kind of the idea i already said the gatorade
water and as a side note and this is something that i've just developed
over time is like i eat at the same time every day so i eat my breakfast
the same time i eat lunch at the same time i eat dinner at the same time
and the more you can get in that habit the more regular your digestion
gets the more regular bowel movements get but also as a result of that
you have less less variety which comes down to you sleep better

19 00:18:00.000 --\> 00:19:00.000 because there's less like kind of
variables that are affecting your sleep right so if you have anyone's
had like crazy indigestion because you had really hot tie one night and
you had it two hours later than you normally do you're not probably not
gonna sleep as well and that's just like is this tie really worth that i
don't know maybe it is maybe it's not but if it like sets you back like
a day or two because you didn't sleep that well to me it's not really
worth the thai food all right now breathing and this one is a special
section for me because i have struggled with this a ton my whole life
since i was in eighth grade i couldn't read that well so there's there's
there's three main things that come to breathing so i'm gonna go a
little bit on a tangent here because i've done a lot of work and spend a
lot of money on this stuff there is your allergies so your level of
congestion there's the the shape of your nostrils right and there's the
stuff that's inside of it so you have like the shape of your nostrils if
you have things that are impeding it and then you have congestion all
right so those are kind of like the three variables and so if you have
i'm forgetting the the name there are the things that they're like these
globules i can't remember the name inside um of your of your of your of
your sinus and your nasal cap cavity if you can get those removed
surgically which you can it'll improve your breathing i don't know why
this guy got all zoomy let's see if we can get back

20 00:19:00.000 --\> 00:20:00.000 here we go and the easiest thing like
besides doing the surgeries and whatnot that you can do is i'm going to
cover in this little breathing thing okay no strips number one absolute
lifesaver they're awesome you can look on amazon go grab whatever i'll
have the links the ones that i use like the reason i wear these is
because i sleep in them and i continue to breathe great in them and
that's why i do it and when i couldn't breathe at all this is the only
way i could sleep and when i after the surgery i went from being able to
sleep okay and fine-ish without them and now i just sleep even better
with it now i'll give you a hack that i don't have listed here that if
you don't have these or like let's say you go out and you travel and you
forgot them or whatever i'm telling like i've been doing this for years
so if you fall asleep you can fall asleep on your hand like this and so
what happens is like you don't have to you're not actively pulling
something but your thumb is always going to be straight right and so if
you fall asleep like this it actually will keep one of your nostrils
open like that's how i had to sleep for like 10 years before i found out
about these strips all right highly recommend next thing creams and
sprays so like there are there are nasal sprays i think salt sprays work
i don't like doing any kind of drugs and medication stuff because i
don't like to be

21 00:20:00.000 --\> 00:21:00.000 dependent on anything but if you have
those things put those beside your bed like i said solid sprays work
well and i actually put cream on my face when i remember to uh so that
hopefully i don't look old and gray in a year peppermint oil stuff uh i
think i just put it on top of my mustache if you put it too close inside
the rim it starts to burn so i just put it like right on my on my stash
on my upper lip and that seems to work okay for me and i only use that
now in like extreme situations i don't normally and then neti pots for
people who um like that thing uh work well for people from a breathing
perspective but for me the big one is the nasal strips and how i sleep
for breathing okay now those are the things that you can start doing but
you're like man alex it sounds like a lot of stuff to start doing well
let me tell you things you can stop doing number one and this is a huge
one especially with entrepreneurs we love the stims i get it but try and
cut it after 10 a.m so like sorry like don't don't drink them after 10.
uh it will affect your sleep people like oh i can drink a zillion things
of caffeine and pass right out it means that you are completely like it
means that you're not receptive to them anymore which means you're like
not getting the adrenal boost that you want

22 00:21:00.000 --\> 00:22:00.000 from it and you have become sensitized
to it because you have such rolling amounts of caffeine in your system
at all times that you never even get it out all right so you have to you
have to you have to pull the plug on this because the half-life of
caffeine is six hours half-life so let's say you take a gram of caffeine
that's a thousand milligrams it's a lot of caffeine six hours later you
have 500 that's still a lot of caffeine six hours later you have 250.
still a lot of caffeine that's two coffee cups six hours later right you
have 120 which is one cup of coffee but now we've already done half life
six six so there's four sixes it's 24 hours we already covered a day and
you still have a cup of coffee in your system so you have to think about
the half-life of the thing that you're drinking so if you drink a cup of
coffee in the morning 12 hours later it'll be it'll be at a quarter of
what you were so if you had 120 if you have 30 milligrams of caffeine
still in your system all right 12 hours later and if you're sleeping 18
hours later which you should be right i should using loosely here for
ideal sleep scenarios that means that you're now at 15 milligrams which
for most people would be okay and so that's why how much you take
throughout the day even the timing thing like if you take a gram in the
morning it will affect your sleep at night

23 00:22:00.000 --\> 00:23:00.000 because the half-life is still like
taking 500 milligrams six hours later think about this when you're when
you're when you're thinking about stimulants all together if you're if
you're one of those people's trouble sleeping i would say i would
suggest try not to do it and suffer for the five days and then restart
you know re-kick start your your sleeping habits all right number two
have your last meal two hours before bed i cover this with a peeing
thing but like just don't if you eat right before bed you'll usually
have to do some more bowel stuff or pee or whatever and it also can
affect your digestion it can increase your body temperature all those
things if you do it right before bed number three stop drinking out
within four hours of bed so ideally if you're gonna drink do do it as a
day party rather than going late into the night and as a side note you
actually end up being more hungover from the fact that you \[ \_\_ \] up
your sleep more than the alcohol anyways but as a side note there's tons
of stuff on alcohol you probably already know that but just as a
reminder and then stop drinking liquids throughout before going to bed
right uh like if you do that then you can ideally you front load all
your drinking in the morning so when you wake up drink a bunch of water
and then that way you drink less over the day and you pee more so your
balance between drinking and

24 00:23:00.000 --\> 00:24:00.000 peeing drink a lot more than you pee
in the beginning of the day and then you drink less and less and less
and pee throughout the end of the day so that overnight you wake up and
then you're really thirsty and then you do it again right you don't want
us to flip that habit where you drink a ton right before you go to bed
and then you're peeing all while you're trying to sleep and then you
wake up and then you don't drink right so just flip the flip the cycle
and the nice thing is you start once you start doing this once it's very
easy to stick with because your body will just do it naturally number
five avoid medicines that delay or disrupt your sleep alright so um a
lot of these different things can disruptively pattern so like that's
why i don't like taking antihistamine things or things i just don't like
taking meds in general on a regular basis before bed this is not medical
advice i'm not a medical doctor all the stuff you already know i'm
saying these are things that have worked well for me and i try not to
become dependent on anything my two cents i do everything that i just
mentioned except i only have the mentor for extreme circumstances and i
don't use a nutty pot because i hate it and it burns my nose and i'm a
\[ \_\_ \] about it okay that's that go so beliefs environment intake
check check check number four is the habits all right so there are 13
habits that

25 00:24:00.000 --\> 00:25:00.000 we're going to cover and let's rock
and roll with them so number one i should have made these uh as step
wise but i guess i left this whole list out um a.m sleep at least 20
minutes preferably 30 minutes get an hour of total sunlight during the
day if you can and i think this is great for a work break thing like
after you eat lunch go walk right it's an easy thing to do go walk and
talk take phone calls whatever it works take a short walk before bed i
like this room i usually walk after i eat so just fyi after i launch
after i dinner i walk and that's kind of my jam and so that's an easy
way to implement this from a workout perspective don't work out two
hours before you go to bed because your body temperature stays elevated
for up to two hours so don't do that or you will mess up your sleep
screen's off this is just a general reminder yet again from a habit
perspective all right two hours before bed now i'll tell you the stuff
that i do versus don't do in these habits but these are the things that
generally i have collected over my years as things that have helped me
sleep better so i can make more dollars number five go to bed between
nine and eleven set an alarm so here's a common one that people don't do
is that people love to have wake up alarms but they don't have to go to
bed alarms you should go to bed alarm and not go a wake up alarm if you
have the right go to bed

26 00:25:00.000 --\> 00:26:00.000 alarm you will wake up naturally at
the time that you should wake up i know crazy and so if you need more
sleep you'll sleep more and i mean less sleep you'll sleep less right
beautiful thing about the body all right and as a side note with napping
and i'm a fan i am somebody who likes to nap it's fine try not to nap
after two o'clock and try not to nap for longer than 30 minutes because
all my stuff up so for me i set my timer at 20 and i know that i go into
the the thing with the mindset that if i don't fall asleep at all and i
have my eyes closed in a dark room for for 20 minutes i get 90 of the
benefits without even having to go to sleep which actually ends up
decreasing my anxiety around the sleeping overall and then i end up
actually falling asleep in like five seconds the next seven and i
probably should have gotten the numbers to start at eight but so be it
if you can sleeping on your back is much better uh from uh from like uh
not messing up your shoulders and stuff especially if you're a bigger
guy it's like side and back are better than than front because you're
all like splayed out so like i said i try and use my hand to keep my
nose open if we're just talking about sleeping positions and then slide
the face off the side of the pillow so you can tilt your pillow so it
like smashes your face like this and you can breathe better sleeping
naked for

27 00:26:00.000 --\> 00:27:00.000 comfort and temperature that should be
self it also helps with number three which is only sleep insects in the
sleeping room eat in the eating rooms work in the working rooms ideally
you can separate the types of activities that you're doing in the room
because you will carry over the anxiety of the activities that you do in
that room they will anchor the room for you now you're like what if i go
in a hotel and i work and i sleep in a \[ \_\_ \] and i eat all in the
same hotel room short term long term 80 20. if you're doing it for the
short term it happens it's okay don't worry about it but like long term
if we're gonna make a habit so that we can increase our overall
effectiveness then it's worth doing all right or or delineating excuse
me if you can have an orgasm before bed sleeping naked helps doing that
too and it does improve your quality of sleep which is great which for
so have a partner with you right go orgasm together play with friend all
right number five taking a hot shower or a bath before bed decreases
internal body temperature when you get out of it you'll fall asleep
faster because the decrease in core temperature induces sleep makes
sense right cool meditate for a few minutes i don't do this i'm going to
cover all the stuff that i do in a second but for some people they like
it a lot so do it and try and unwind before you sleep like if you've

28 00:27:00.000 --\> 00:28:00.000 got something you can do if you read a
book whatever i don't think that working all the way until the moment
you sleep is good for me personally i pretty much stop working after
dinner so i work until dinner and then that's after i eat i'm pretty
much done so just people ask me all the time so that's the answer all
right and so um everything that i just said i do except for the screens
off thing i'm not perfect and um i don't do the the hot shower before
bed or the meditation either and that is uh because i haven't had any
issues with sleeping but if you are one of these people like do more of
that stuff and then you can start removing the things that are like have
the lower input for you right bottom line if you're an entrepreneur and
you're trying to make more dollars and you want to have lower emotional
reactivity when you have a higher quality of decisions higher
intelligence higher ability to learn less more adaptability in general
sleeping is important the beliefs that i shared at the beginning of the
things that have served me well these environmental traits the intake
differences and the habits that i mentioned are the things that have
served me well and i wanted to put them all in one video so that i would
never have to answer the question again besides saying watch this video
this covers everything that i know about

29 00:28:00.000 --\> 00:29:00.000 sleeping that i do in my real life for
everyone else go to sleep or watch the next video and like i said mossy
nation love you guys and i'll see you soon bye
