https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PArqypiHcyQ

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 mosey nation what is going on in this
video what i want to talk to you about is a hot take that i had on
people who complain that their business is not growing enough and yet
see everything as though people owe them something and so i uh did two
videos or three videos a week for three years and you know everyone you
know you have some bombs you have some great videos and this is the
among the top one percent of videos that i made in terms of the number
of people who shared it liked it commented all that stuff and it was in
a private community and i want to make it public to you guys and so uh
this video uh truly will show you the frame of mind and the perspective
from which to see customer success increasing lifetime value how to
ultimately provide more value than everyone else does from a framing
perspective and it applies to sex it applies to business and it applies
to life and this is one of the hottest take videos you see if i share
any numbers in the video it's because it was in the past we currently do
85 million a year and i have nothing to sell you but then i may have had
i don't know what numbers i share but that was in the past and that's
why if you see a

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 discrepancy that's the difference so
anyways mosey nation there's a lot of people broke i don't should be one
of them that's why i make these videos keep being awesome i'll see you
guys enjoy what's up everybody happy saturday ah man i've got a good one
for you today i um this is even one where i looked at layla and i was
like i'm gonna have to take a walk on this one um this kind of came to
me and i was thinking about it and it's just like man it's it's it's
this one kind of philosophy so we have we have five five core tenants at
gym launch rather than go through all of them i'll tell you what one of
them is and it's uh own it that's one of the five core tenants that we
have and if you are curious about what why you would have those you make
core tenants so that you can always reference them back for yourself and
for the employees that you have so you can say like this is how we make
decisions right and you can always look back at that and be like this is
who we are right so own it is one of them and oh man this is so good a
lot of people get really upset about their customers who sign for a
12-month membership and then quit after three months right and

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 i'll hear the same people trying to get
out of franchise agreements that are five years long right and saying
this is bs i haven't gotten the value they didn't give me what they
promised they would give me right i'm being real talk and so one of the
things and one of the ways that we've so we have honest ridiculously
ridiculously like almost zero churn on our highest level group so our
most expensive group we basically zero turn and if you were to tell like
if you were to ask anyone um or someone asked us like how are you
growing this that how are you going this fast all this stuff is that
honestly i think it's just because i'm incredibly insecure deep down and
i have this huge fear of rejection so i don't want anyone to not like me
and i don't want anyone to feel like i'm not giving them um what i what
i said i was going to give them and it's like it's a serious fear of
mine probably rooted in security if you can shift your perspective from
thinking from well i just got the contract we're done to like we just
got the contract oh

now we have to fulfill on this right the

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 way i see my relationship with the gym
lords group i see it as a week to week like you guys are on week to week
with me unless i perform unless i provide value like everyone's gonna
leave right now obviously you need to be discerning you need to be wise
you need to protect yourself with a contract that goes without saying
obviously right and you have agreements that are there but if you ever
rely on your business because of contracts you will lose always because
at the end of the day people will do what they want to do if you rely on
contracts your life will be living hell because then people are like
well f you like you trick me and all like if you live on contracts your
life is going to be about contracts and how about you i don't want my
life to be about contracts right you can go even deeper with this okay
so when like i married layla i honestly had this feeling we both had a
conversation like literally the day like the night of our marriage and i
was like i was like i was like we can't mess this up i was like this is
it i was like you're the one i committed to if anything i was like i was
like i like i

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 just don't it's like if we ever have
issues i was like we gotta confront immediately because we're in this
right if you treat your marriage right you've got that contract you're
like i got a contract you gotta be with me right and you treat your
marriage like you treat your customers i got a contract you have to stay
here you have to pay me you will lose and if life will suck but if you
consider it as week to week like i consider us day to day and i used to
make that joke when we were dating people like are you guys committed
like in a relationship this is right before your married i was like
we're month to month she hated it but the joke for me served the fact
that like you're only as good as your last paycheck right you're only as
good as your last day and the moment you rest on your laurels the moment
you get lazy is the moment someone else who's hungrier will take you
right and that could be someone who's hungry who takes your wife now
obviously we have commitments we have shared principles that we never
wanted like we believe in i don't get biblical on you but like like we
believe when you get married you stay married right that's like that's
the goal in that you can always make it work with anyone right that's
our belief that was one of the things that we checked on each other
before we got

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 married right but that being said if
you look at what the bible says right and this is just marriage but the
marriage and business are so similar because you have to do the stuff
sometimes you don't want to do and you got to be consistent you got to
do it every day you can't just say hey great job this week and then not
say anything for two months to your customers right same thing with the
marriage i can't just be like hey babe thanks for making dinner once a
month and she makes dinner every single day right and she crushes it
she's awesome layla's a freak she's amazing if i could run our business
away well she kind of runs her business but the point is if you're
losing customers and you're like all these people are flaky no one
commit no one like and you want to get into victim mindset of like
lamenting customers right they're people and people will always be
self-serving you can always count on it i had a mentor telling me that
he's like if you always predict that people will act in their own
self-interest he's like you'll always be right and i've always thought
about that i was like wow he's like you want to predict the future
protect them predict that they will act

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 in their own self-interest forget what
they say about principles forget what they say about anything and so
what you want to do if you like which is why you should always align
relationships so that how their best interest is with you right so like
i have to make legacy so freaking good that their best interest is
staying and paying me right i'm being super real with you and so if your
customers right at your gym keep leaving and you keep saying no one's
like no one honors their word anymore no one does any like bs man like
you probably didn't honor your word right because you're no longer in
their best interest anymore and they tell you that by leaving right by
having high churn rates that's how they tell you that that's how the
market tells you that you're not being good enough right and so despite
you despite signing the 12-month contract about signing the 18-month
contract whatever it is live week to week live workout to workout
because the real contract that they have with you is for today and the
moment that one of your employees gives them lip or says

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 something or says something rude or
doesn't show up on time or the bathroom looks like or the music is the
same playlist they've heard every single time they go to your gym
they're gonna leave that's it they'll come up with their reason they'll
say they got busy they'll you know like work or they're moving they'll
come up their friend's a doctor or a nurse they'll get the fake note it
doesn't matter if someone wants to leave the relationship to leave if
your wife wants to cheat on you she'll find a way so you don't want that
so it's like i got to make this so good that you don't want to look
anywhere else you think you'd be crazy to look anywhere else right and
they've like i want i want my wife to go out and like someone's like if
some guy's like hey like you know come on she's like do you know what i
have at home like like you're a fool you i mean if you think that that's
gonna get me right like your game is so low you have no idea what i have
right so they see a gym advertisement for something else they're like
you have no idea my gym like you have no idea how my trainers treat me
you have no idea how i feel

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 when i walk into that gym every day
right how those people can make me feel and so if you think about your
relationship with your customers as you're only as good as yesterday
you're only as good as today that's it that's all you've got and so
every time you have to resell them like i sell layla every single day on
being with me every single day because i love her to death and i want i
want this to be awesome forever i do and i know that i know that in
order for that to happen i can't just appreciate her once a week i can't
even appreciate her once a day i tell her every like every moment baby i
love you i'm like you're awesome you're so good i was like you managed
our team so well i could never do this without you and it's true right
and so if you look oh here's another one ready for it you've got your
employees everybody's got their employees everybody complains about
their employees my employees don't work hard enough they don't care
about my customers they don't care well how are you showing up as a
leader

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 how invested are you in them do they
feel like my trainer left with all my customers they left with that they
left with because it was so bad with you that they had to look somewhere
else it was so bad that they had to leave and so it's like how how can i
make this exchange fair exchange how can i make this exchange even
abundant exchange as in they get more than what they get from i i give
more than i get right how can i make this an unfair advantage that's how
you have a value discrepancy value discrepancies keep people people are
like people don't go to chipotle because it's worth seven dollars people
go to chipotle because they pay seven and they get a 20 meal that's why
they go to chipotle that's the secret i'm all about raising prices but
i'm all about being 10 times more valuable than my price which is three
times more expensive than everyone else and never ever ever ever ever
taking it for granted i don't take your attention for granted i don't
take the fact that you pay us every week for granted because i know that
there's always somebody who's going to come after me and try and be
better than us and i have

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 crazy insecurity um in thinking that
like tomorrow it could all be over and i never want that to happen and
so um if you think about that with your customers you will always be
ahead of your competition like we're constantly innovating because i'm
like everyone's gonna copy my stuff everyone's gonna copy the stuff i
came up with last month i gotta make new stuff i gotta make new stuff
right and when you're when i'm concentrating on my customers and not my
competition right then i make good right because i want them to stay and
i'm thinking i'm only as good as my last paycheck right i'm only i can
only provide for layla if i provide for you stuff that makes you money
for real anyways so this was a walk and talker i thought i would uh just
give you a little little saturday morning love as i get some fresh air
in socal enjoy soak in some of the socal weather but i love you guys so
if you guys don't have amazing marriage amazing business amazing
relationship with your customers amazing relationship with your
employees

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 don't ever think about what you've
done because they don't people don't humans don't right we don't
remember what we did we don't remember all those things like every time
i can't tell you how many times my wife is taking the trash out i always
remember when i take it out right we always remember what we do but we
forget what everyone else does and we forget that they forget what we
did and we think that it's wrong that they forgot when in fact we just
have to do more again today right because you can't change anything else
and i can't change how they're going to think and so you can either
lament how human beings are or you can react and win and just adjust
right you can just adjust so all you got to do is just know that
everyone's gonna forget no one will honor their vows and if you think
about life that way you will never be surprised in business if people
leave you then take it as a sign i'm doing something wrong right if
there's some you know discontent in the marriage take it as a science
and be like she doesn't appreciate me think about how i can appreciate
her more right how can i make things better for her so that she wants to
stay right so

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 she gets excited she like she doesn't
want like she has no energy anymore like okay cool why don't we have
energy why don't i make her dinner once you know what i mean or what
like whatever whatever that person's love language is i'm not get too
deep in like on the marriage side but like you got to fill their needs
customers and employees too like especially especially since we're
selling service most of us are selling service and if you're selling
service you need to fulfill the person's needs otherwise they're not
going to fulfill the needs of your customers right are you investing in
them do you want them to grow are you giving them the things that they
need to move on and become rock stars so anyways i love you guys i hope
you guys having an amazing amazing day and weekend hope you found this
valuable as always thank you very much for your attention i know that
you have many things to spend your attention and eyeballs on and i'm
honored that you decided to spend the last few minutes with me on
saturday morning lots of love guys if you're a gym owner and you haven't
joined i promise we can help make you a bunch of money and make this
business a lot easier for you so

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 lots of love guys talk to you soon
