https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQZK6JVkl4c

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 the character traits that must be
associated that you learn as you go right because these character traits
are things that have to happen in order for these skills to be
consistently executed \[Music\] and so it's first you develop the skills
right at a proficient level then you dive deep on those skills so that
you get better and better at them and typically that comes through
consistent execution and repetition which means that it takes the
character traits of focus and determination and drive right and being
able to be consistent and not go like go away and start looking at shiny
objects looking at chinese objects looking at a new opportunity looking
at this other side hustle you want to do whatever it is right because
there's always new things and what's crazy about this is that the higher
up you go the more seductive the woman in the red

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 dress looks like and i'm saying that
from matrix is my all-time favorite movie um the woman in the red dress
i'm using this as a as a parable or whatever a visual for opportunity
and when you're starting out the woman in the red dress always looks
attractive and the thing is is that the higher up you go the more
pretend she becomes now if you're a girl then i don't know a guy in a
red suit whatever i don't know maybe that looks more like a pimp said
forget about that but whatever you know george clooney or whoever your
person is whatever you my point is um like i thought that i was having
discipline and saying no to a certain level opportunity when i was
starting my gyms right and i had to develop that discipline and then we
started and then we started making a few million dollars a year and i
was like okay i need to develop a new level discipline because there's
more things that i want to do that i have to not be able to do right one
of the biggest successful things i did was not start the supplement
company until a year and a half after almost two years after gym one
started all right i had planned starting the supplement company at the
same time as i started gym launch

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 original three and a half four years
ago like they were at the same time i wanted to do both and layla the
angel that she is was like no that's stupid don't do that and so she
thankfully was like you have to have you have to stay focused and so
because of that we were able to have the explosive growth that we did
and then at the right time we were able to bolt that on now um big big
big big picture i don't know if i would have done it again i still
probably would have stayed even more focused on gym launch if i could do
it all over again now we have it you know we we write a check for 600
000 every single month to our gym lords uh in terms of commission check
so that's real money that i get to send back to the community and that's
very fulfilling fulfilling for me um and it solved the problem that i
always had when i have my gym so like there are reasons that i did it um
and uh and so like history will tell whether it was the right call or
not um i can never live the life of what it would have been if i hadn't
done it um but i think if i were going back in time

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 knowing what i've known now i might not
have done it um but you never know so i'm telling you like i've i've
made these mistakes you know what i mean and the thing is is that that
level of opportunity looked even more seducting or seducing or whatever
the word is um when we had two years more of a distribution base
compared to when we had at the beginning and so i wasn't able to say no
to her that opportunity later on as i was in the beginning and that was
a deficiency in my skill set at the time my character trait of staying
focused right and so um like i'm saying all this if you're looking at it
in terms of in verticals the first step is filling the holes and that's
stacking all the skills together so you can get the first dollar to go
over and that's just becoming proficient not amazing just proficient you
don't have to be an expert at running traffic you just need to be able
to actually know how to run an ad and the thing is is that most
proficient skills only take like like not a lot of time like you can
google how to do x and if you consume for like two hours of

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 information you'll probably be
proficient most people just don't take those two hours to do it because
it's uncomfortable and you're not good at it right so you consume the
information and then you try right and then you fail because you're not
good at it you learn and then just use those first initial tries you
learn more in your first 20 sales than you do in the first 20 hours of
learning about sales stuff right you first time you actually step in the
ring you learn more about fighting than you do during all the time that
you're practicing right because it's real right so you're developing
you're stacking your skills and you're becoming proficient at it next
step you have to do re repetition and be being willing to get punched in
the face over and over and over again right so that you can deepen those
skills and that's what amplifies the skills that you have so that you
can get to another level then as you get to another level then your
character traits need to be strong so you can stay the course all right
like the biggest thing in the book uh by angela duckworth called grit
which is really interesting um is that the people who are most
successful in life just stick with it like greatness stick-to-it-ness is
what

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 it is so it's how likely are you to
abandon a certain path to pursue another thing right and the people in
the beginning have very low stick with it-ness entrepreneurs shiny
objects shiny object shiny object they're jumping from opportunity to
opportunity and they never give any of the opportunities a chance to be
successful so one of the interesting things that maybe you can think
about in terms of a quote that you can take with you is you can be
successful anything you want just not everything you want all right that
was a huge lesson for me all right i had a i had a friend from high
school who reached out who had a contracting business and a roofing
business and they were flipping houses so it's three separate businesses
and i was like dude like like what do you want help with he was like i
don't know like what do you think i should do and i was like pick one
he's like well we're making money in all three of them and i was like
cool pick one each one of those businesses can be a billion dollar
business you can be a billion dollar roofing company you can be a
billion dollar flipping homes company you can be a billion dollar
general contractor there are examples of each of these things right but
you just can't be a billion

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 dollars in all of them and so there's a
fallacy that we tell ourselves as entrepreneurs which is that if i do
more things i will make more money when in fact i need to do fewer
things to get to where i want to go and the reason i can tell you that
it's the truth is because you naturally think the other way and that's
what most people think which is why most people aren't successful right
it's they can't focus because there's too many things it's just so easy
just add this one thing you do this other thing and all of a sudden
you're two spread thin you're not focused on amplifying the things that
you're doing to get better you're not deepening the skills you're
spreading yourself there right and so once you acquire the skill set
once you become proficient then you amplify the skills that you have by
deepening them and in order to deepen them you have to have the
character traits of sticking with it being patient being focused
learning to say no and doing things over and over again and accepting
the fact that it may take years it will take years in order to become to
break through the next level of proficiency because when you're
developing a skill um let me give you an example with to tie this as an
analogy for fitness

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 the amount of effort that it takes to
maintain muscle versus the amount of effort it takes to make muscle as
you become more advanced dramatically increases and what's interesting
is that there's this big area of no man's land between enough to
maintain and enough to break through and create a new stimulus for
growth there's this huge area in the middle and most people just work
out above minimum effective dose but below the threshold that it takes
to adapt all right and so when we focus or when i focus on trying to get
swole and trying to gain more muscle i try and go all the way to the
other end to break my body the point that it has to adapt and get better
right and so with the same thing with skill sets is that there's a
minimum effective dose and then there's a whole bunch of area in between
where people do stuff enough but not enough to get better but still like
they could take the extra time allocate it towards deepening a skill and
going all in on it um it and really push that forward and really deepen
it rather than just consistently maintaining where you're at and you can
know if you're maintaining where you're at because if your level of
income has

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 stayed the same for a period of years
that means your skill set has stayed the same and if your skill set has
stayed the same it's usually because you lack the character traits in
order to deepen those skills to amplify the revenue and to amplify your
skill sets so that you can make more all right so um i hope this makes
sense uh this was like one of the one of the many things that i'll
probably talk about after um the summit um so leveling up why we get
stuck and it's because the things that you need to improve on are
different all right in the beginning it's skills but then you have to
change your lens and then after that it becomes traits right it becomes
character traits and those are very different to level up right because
everyone just always assumes it's going to be linear the same way and
that's why people get stuck is because the actual thing that you need to
improve changes right not just skills but the actual nature of the
change itself changes uh which is pretty cool and um sometimes the skill
itself is to not do other things right sometimes the skill itself is
maintaining the course and that is the skill that is the thing that you
need to do to get to the next

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 level is to do less and it's remove
constraints so i hope that makes sense for you i hope you enjoyed that
if you did like this and you're listening on the podcast drop a comment
drop a like um if you think someone else will listen to it tag them tag
your friends hope you have an amazing day and lots of love as always
keep being great \[Music\] you
