https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IhvZC-Wpqs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 but the moral of the story is that you
have to give people what they want in order to give them what they need
\[Music\] what's going on everyone in this short video i want to tell
you a story about how you can position your marketing way that gets a
lot more people to respond to it independent of whether you may like it
or not and so when i was starting out right i struggled to get people to
buy what i knew would help them right so when i started in fitness i
wanted to say hey there's a sustainable way uh to look the way you want
to look you just need to learn how to count your macros and and uh and
and do resistance training and if you do that you look the way you want
to look but for whatever reason my marketing that talked about that
because i knew it was true didn't get people to respond right and i
didn't get any new customers even though i knew i was saying the truth
right and later on in my career uh before i

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 learned this lesson i was doing
marketing for a dentist uh and i was and i was running ads and and we
had landing pages that we had built and it was working and he called me
up furious and he was like this looks horrible this is terrible for my
brand i would never sign up for something like this and i was like well
it's a good thing that you're not your customers you already have nice
teeth right and so the story that that rant that drove this home for me
was a story that's become famous in our community called the ham and the
garlic and so the way the story goes is there's a little kid and he was
incredibly uh excited to please his dad right and his dad one day
decides to give him a dog and says listen son you gotta take good care
of this dog and if you don't take care of the dog then it means you're
not responsible all right so you gotta take good care of it if you're if
we're gonna buy it he says okay so he gives him the dog and so one day
the dad goes to work you know a couple weeks later and the kid sees the
dog he's playing with him and you notice he's got ticks all over him and
he's like oh my god he's super

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 distraught he's like what am i going to
do what am i going to do and so he runs over uh into the other room
whose grandmother who's looking after him while his dad's at work and he
says grandma like what what do i do the dog's got ticks all over him and
the grandma says ah mijo you just have to give the dog some garlic all
right so go feed him some garlic and then the ticks uh you know will go
away so the kid goes and he tries to feed the dog garlic and the you
know the dogs move in his head because he smells like garlic he doesn't
eat it right and so uh he goes back to the grandmother says grandma i i
i try the garlic it didn't work what do i do and she says meow did you
just try and give him the garlic straight up and he's like yeah he's
just ah you know you have to wrap it in ham wrap it in ham first then
feed it to the dog so he's like okay so he wraps it in half and goes to
the dog the dog eats it and then a couple you know an hour later the
ticks start crawling up the wall uh because it's the dog starts you know
sweating alcoholic whatever right and the kid feels saved because the
dog

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 is taken care of and the dad still is
proud of him etc but the moral of the story is that you have to give
people what they want in order to give them what they need and so many
times people are not at the perspective from which to they don't have
their perspective they don't have the context to understand what you're
saying because you already in the know and so you have to go back in
time to before you knew what you knew what you know now and meet people
where they're at and then walk them across the bridge to where you need
them to go and so when we started marketing fitness we would market you
know short short duration challenges detoxes things like that because we
knew that people who were in that state of mind what they want is a
quick fix right and so what we would have to do is we'd bring people in
we'd give them what they want to get them to respond and then once we
earn their trust we said hey i know you had a little you know we had
some success in this first you know a few weeks but you're not here just
for a few weeks because you don't want to gain it back right of course
not right you really want this to be a long-term thing because if you
lose it and gain it back what's the point they're like yeah it's like
and at this

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 point we said this is the garlic what
you need to do is you need to learn how to count your calories you got
to learn how to eat macros you gotta learn how to train for real all
right and so when we had that we now had the context to have the
truthful conversation with them and deliver the garlic right but it took
the ham to get them in the door and so right now you may have something
that you're trying to market in your business and you're trying to get
your customers in the door and you're marketing from a position of
already knowing the answer and that's the issue and you may shake your
fist at these other these other marketers your competitors they're like
and you're like man they're they're marketing short duration things that
they're marketing these whatevers right but they're probably marketing
it because it's working for them and so i'd encourage you to shift your
perspective from saying this is the truth to this is their truth right
now and i need to meet them where they're i have to go back across the
bridge to where i used to be talk to them in that language relate to
them understand their problems and their fears and then with my once
i've convinced them to trust me enough

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 then deliver the the garlic to them so
you have to give them what they want in order to give them what they
need and this is in essence what a lot of great marketing is especially
if you have any type of business that has any sort of transformation
that you're delivering anything that the other person has to take some
steps towards you in order to be successful and so that story's always
stuck with me because it applies to any type of coaching or mentor
mentee relationship or really anything that you're you're marketing to
the public where you need them to break a belief in order to consume
your service or or get the result that you need them to have right or
that they really need for themselves and so many times you can't begin
with the end you can begin with the end in mind you do not begin with
the end you have to start where they're at and then tape them along the
journey the same one you did so that they can get to where they want to
go which is where you know is going to be the best place for them so
anyways i hope this was valuable for you if you like that i'm sure
there's buttons and things that you can click and learn more and all
that stuff but anyways keep being amazing have an awesome day and i'll
catch you soon

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 \[Music\] \[Music\] \[Applause\] you
