https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVY4Zo-hpqU

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 are you struggling to make content that
rocks well i did too and i made this crazy video without knocking myself
into a tree with this crazy background on how to actually fix this so i
was actually asked to speak at a seven figure entrepreneur event it was
a paid event and one of the questions that came up uh that i was told
the answer that i had was uh impactful for many of them was around the
concept of content and if you don't know who i am my name's austria
mozilla own acquisition.com it's a portfolio of companies that's about
85 million a year and i have nothing to sell you all right so uh this is
an excerpt of the video of me answering that question if you're
struggling to make content enjoy this what is the best way to create
content i know it's not specific enough oh i'm not the best diaper so
like i really love what you guys are putting out right now seriously
straight fire um both of you guys like kudos um and you know maybe i'm
just stuck in kind of like my head but i'm having difficulty like just
putting it out there like i know i could talk for hours on any topic
fitness business life

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 whatever and i do with my friends
consistently all day then i get in front and i'm like what the \[ \_\_
\] do i make excuse the language um i'm like what do i make how do i
structure this how should i say this and god ah that's what happens so
i've done it and i'm not sure if it's just like i've done it so much now
that i i also i'm looking more so on for my end to like work with people
who want to perform better who don't just want to lose a little bit away
who like really want to be you know legit better version of themselves
you know i know that's probably used consistently across the fitness
industry but um like that's genuinely what i want to help you with i
want them to help like hit that potential because i that's what i like
doing for myself um so that's my like question there i guess like i
probably struggle more with content creation than alex hasn't in a while
now so maybe i could talk about that before because like alex creates
better content than me like i think that he's been doing this for like
\[ \_\_ \] eight years i started like six months ago and every time i'm
like dude i look like \[ \_\_ \] i feel like \[ \_\_ \] this is terrible
it's awful you know that's all

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 i say like i'm like look everyone hates
me like for sure they're bad but alex says like i observe alex and a lot
of times like i'll literally take notes on his videos and deconstruct
what he's doing because i think he's really good at it right and i'll
watch him while he's creating and i've sat there when he's come up with
videos and there's two things that i've identified that helped me a lot
which is one alex is really sure about who he's talking to and he knows
it every time he's talking okay that's the first thing so then when i'm
talking like who am i talking to and a lot of the times the things that
probably inspire you prince are like about the clients so like a lot of
times when i just made like a really good piece of content the other day
because i got off the phone with a company that we have a and we're
invested with and i was like i had this epiphany on the phone with them
and i was ranting and i just thought and went and made the content and i
see alex did it all the time he's like i got it i got to go make it now
and i think it's really hard because like i never believed alex in the
beginning where he's like no you just gotta like catch it when you get
it you gotta go like make like six videos and i was like dude no i like
organize my whole schedule i set time side i need to film now but it's
almost like a self-inflicted pressure when you like set that time
sometimes and then you

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 just start getting your head you're
like i must make five pieces of content right now and i'm not so i must
\[ \_\_ \] suck right and instead it's just like you're just not in the
zone because creativity isn't like constraints so it's like you have to
catch like when the creativity's there when you're less constrained and
you're more free flowing i think that's when things come most naturally
that plus knowing who you're talking to and then the other thing i'll
say is um i don't think that you should make content on anything you
don't want to make content on which i've heard alex say a million times
when because he's i asked him for advice on it a lot right now that's
why i feel like i'm i can say this to you because i've been asking alex
a lot of questions and he's like dude don't talk about anything you
don't want to talk about and sometimes make the content that you want to
make even though you don't you're not sure it will hit like there are
certain videos that i've made like on how to run a great meeting and my
youtube guy is like dude nobody gives a \[ \_\_ \] and i was like i
don't care i need to make this video like for me i know it's \[ \_\_ \]
important right and so i think it's allowing yourself to just do
whatever

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 the \[ \_\_ \] you want kind of makes
it better and you hear alex's videos he's like dude i'm not making this
for you guys and he's serious he's making it for himself and so i think
um you know i i observe that and i'm like that's how i feel like i mean
alex you know i'm just speaking for you but i feel like that's how
you've been able to continue to make content as your wife who watches
you and sees you do it all the time it's like you do you make a lot for
yourself you make a lot for the people that you know who they are and
who you're talking to and if you don't feel like making it you don't do
it i make videos for really only one of two reasons one is because i
want to document a thought process so that means it's for me or it's
fresh off of some sort of conversation i had with you know a client
employee or one of the you know the business owners that we're invested
in and so i'm basically making it for them and i just make it anonymous
and usually i'm very passionate about the topic which is why i want to
make the video um but i heard this from grant uh cardone and uh when we
were talking about his content strategy and he said you just gotta make
\[ \_\_ \] and you have to assume no one will see it

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 like the assumption is zero and then
just make all your content from that perspective because the thing is is
like you guys have heard me say this but like the work works on you more
than you work on it and doing the content is a long play it's a super
super long play and unfortunately it takes a long time to be good for
two reasons one is that you actually have to be good at doing it which
you will get better with repetition and the second is that people don't
care about you until you've done something like if i tweeted the same \[
\_\_ \] elon musk tweets no one would care but it's elon musk and so
he's the richest man in the world and if he just does a poop emoji it
gets shared you know 500 000 times it's not because the message it's
because of the messenger and the messenger is a big part of the message
part of the reason that content doesn't hit even if it's really
wonderful content is because people are like why should i listen to you
and if you don't have a genuine answer for that then they won't have one
either my views on content have shifted dramatically

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 over time but i think the reason that
the content that i have now hits is because like we've made a lot of \[
\_\_ \] money and people are like wow that's impressive when i started i
wasn't as big on content because honestly it was like i just don't think
anyone was going to give a \[ \_\_ \] and they probably weren't and so
like i'm just adding those as quick caveats but for you specifically
what you don't want to do is start talking like everyone else right
don't talk about when they should time their carbs don't talk about how
they should be splitting up like no one cares if you're talking to your
specific avatar then the types of things that you should be making
should be relevant to that specific avatar which often times will be
different than what everyone else is talking about and it'll be it'll be
unique to you that's kind of my my my big picture stuff on on
consecration but i put two notes in there which is like do it when it's
fresh and do it when you feel emotions those have been like kind of two
of my my mainstays for making content i i often feel um the way that
what you've

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 talked about is like i haven't done \[
\_\_ \] yet like i i like why you're right like so i'm almost in that
same point with business and i feel with being online um the difference
between being in gym and being online is you know online is the same i
think working with online coach is the same thing is like why should i
work with you you know what have you done right so that's kind of my
next follow-up question it's actually second phase is it cool if i said
real quick what is the best way to generate those type of leads when you
know you haven't done \[ \_\_ \] like i hadn't done \[ \_\_ \] well the
thing is is okay this is a really i think this is a good caveat for
everyone everyone here has done \[ \_\_ \] but not everyone here has
done \[ \_\_ \] that they want to talk about so this is the classic
example of the dudes who were talking about how to make passive income
online make 10 grand a month and they've never \[ \_\_ \] made 10 grand
a month and they're talking about how to manipulate the stock market and
their stock portfolio is 100 grand like who gives a \[ \_\_ \] right
like you're not warren buffett right but the thing is is that you are an
expert at some things

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 and you should just stick to only
talking about that stuff if if the source of your content this is like
i'm gonna this is \[ \_\_ \] big if the source of your content is other
people's content don't make it what makes content interesting is the
unique anecdotes that you have experienced and gone through which add
value and this is kind of a big issue in general with the like the
content creation world is that people are making content because it's
easy to make content and because they have an alternative agenda the
content that hits is content that is made for its own sake as an as with
the intention of adding to the body of knowledge on a specific subject
matter and so if you have been working with clients and you're like this
is something that's worked really well for the guys that i have i only
have seven clients but like this has worked really well i hope it works
well for you you say that you have domain expertise

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 in those seven clients and no one can
question you there now if you start talking about science and you don't
\[ \_\_ \] know anything about science but you read it on mike israel or
you read it from dr cashy you're not dr cashy and so of course like it's
not going to sound as good from you and if i'm going to try and listen
to that i'm listening to dr k and so it's like we have to know what we
are experts in like i'm only a little bit talking about investment stuff
now but for the vast majority of stuff i talk about i talk about sales i
talk about acquisition and it's because we've built it for six different
companies and we've exited six different companies you know i mean in
the last you know 10 years right and different types of companies right
software we've exited brick and mortar we've done services like we've
done different types of things and so i can speak about that with
authority and people know that and i have a story to back that up when
you just talk about content no one cares and so tie it to stuff that you
actually know and one of my last rules of content is if you don't have
anything worth saying don't say it and i know this is probably a little
contrary to other people's stuff but i don't really give a \[ \_\_ \]
like if it's

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 not worth saying don't say it because
in my opinion i'd rather have someone not consume \[ \_\_ \] from me
than consume something and then decide to never listen to me ever again
because it's a waste of their time that's mine that's my content drop so
that piece that i just said that probably was a piece of content that we
probably clipped later all right that helped very much so thank you guys
so much and if you have specific this is a side note for tactics right
if you have a spec if you have a handful of specific beliefs that people
are trying to overcome rather than necessarily addressing the belief you
can make it relevant by saying hey if you're struggling with this my
client karen and then all of a sudden you have domain authority because
you're now introducing a real story rather than just saying here's how
you overcome overeating no i have two clients i won't i'll just use
sarah and kate as the names but these are real clients that are on my
roster right now and this is the issue they were struggling with this is
how we dealt with it and i'm going to say one more piece on this content
thing because i think it's it's also like i've learned a lot of things
over this is that you don't want to make declarative statements

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 you want to say this is the way it is
it's very easy to contradict that instead it's this is my two sense this
is how i see the world and what i have experienced i might not know \[
\_\_ \] but i'm sharing what has been valuable to me and my clients and
when you say it from that perspective one the intention is pure and two
no one can \[ \_\_ \] with you on that because you're you're not saying
this is you're not saying this fact you're saying this is this is how i
see it and if things change i'll tell you how i think they've changed
that's really dope and it's also super unique because like it's your
experience right so it has to be wildly different than everyone else's
or at least somewhat yeah step one do stuff and then step two talk about
the stuff you did right the problem is that people start talking about
stuff they haven't done and then that's where they get in trouble
because all they do is they read someone else's article on passive
income and then they do a worse diluted version with less authority
