https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZEZWuVC8-8

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 for three years i recorded two videos a
week and i put them in a a facebook group uh because i didn't understand
how youtube worked and uh over that time period i got better at
communicating and things like that um but there was a specific video
that was uh among the most watched and most shared videos um that i ever
made and i thought i would share it here with you guys mozi nation uh
for those of you guys who don't know my name is oxford the own
acquisition.com you know portfolio companies that does about 85 million
a year now in the video it's from the past so if you hear some of the
numbers that are in there it's what i was doing at that time um and this
specific video is incredibly valuable to me because it was one of the
videos that really set me free in understanding the true single most
valuable resource that we have as entrepreneurs and how most
entrepreneurs are leaking it and once i plugged that hole for myself is
when i started seeing explosive growth uh in my business but also in my
life overall and so i wanted to share this video because i think it's
incredibly valuable and the the marketplace of attention has said that
this was one of the most valuable videos ever made and so i wanted to
share with

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 you hope you guys enjoy this is a
little bit less common for me i'm uh i was i'm going to make a video or
i guess podcast depending on how you're consuming this on a pretty pie
in the pie in the sky topic um and i titled this the new entrepreneurial
golden resource and how you're probably leaking it so a lot of people
don't know this but uh i probably i would say a mentor four or five
people on the side not in a formal business setting in terms of like
them paying me or anything like that but just people that are have
become friends that i've taken interest in their business and i've
helped them along and invariably and what's interesting is that the
higher up you go the less tactical the mentorship is and so i have so
i've had i've had the fortune of actually connecting and befriending my
my first billionaire friend which is cool and what's what's happened as
a result of that is that like i i obviously obsessively look at what
people who are doing better than me are doing and then when i'm relaying
to the people who are who i'm trying to

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 help there's this one resource that
people who make a ton of money manage extremely well and people who um
do not do not and a lot of people i would say mistakenly think that the
number one resource is time right everyone's like time is money time is
money time is money and i would argue that that's not necessarily true i
would argue that attention is money that is the golden resource so the
billionaire friend that i have he's actually been helping me on um the
new endeavor that we are launching to our gym lords uh soon which i
think will change the industry anyways he's been helping me with that
stuff but like here's an example on his phone his phone does not ring
unless you are already a contact that has been whitelisted his phone
doesn't ring it's he is impossible to reach the more successful the more
the the larger your company grows the more you scale the more you need
to scale the only way to scale you is because you do have a finite
amount of attention and so what happens is you have to decrease all of
the other things

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 in your life that drain attention
because you can have as much time as you want but if you're not there
you're not potent you're not able then you can't get anything done with
that time that you're supposedly allocating which is why a lot of people
end up in this in-between state of always everywhere and at the same
time nowhere right and so they're they're everywhere but they're not
paying attention to anything and that's and the reason that it's
difficult to focus is because entrepreneurs the character trait that
made us into entrepreneurs is that we're go getters we're we're
risk-averse we're creators we're innovators we're builders right we have
all of those traits but the difficulty is is that the thing that gets
you from zero to one is not the thing that gets you from one to two
right and so one of the the reason that you have to totally morph and
why you have to be a growth oriented individual is because you have to
change your own individual character traits in order to progress as a
business owner and so like i said the things that got you here are not
the things that are going to get you there the things that got you here
which is your own internal skills are not the things that you need to
pass on to other people so the only way that you were able to grow your
business at a certain

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 point is by growing other people right
and the only way you can do that is if you have the attention and the
bandwidth in order to do so and that's why if you look at a business
owner and like the more i obsess on looking at billionaires and people
who are doing better than we are is i look at how quiet and how clean
they keep their space and i mean that both both in a literal sense that
like their surroundings their office their house their homes their cell
phone their computers right there it's it's it's quiet right everything
like it's it's pristine and when you talk to these people there's a
certain amount of of tranquility that's there and and they just they
just have very low tolerance and it's not that they're trying to be
impatient with you or impatient with the world it's just that they
understand that they have so like they're they're operating at such a
high level that there's so many things that are demanding of their time
and attention that they just like they can't and so they have to
forcibly remove themselves from so many different situations and i'm
going to give you an example so one

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 of the people that i'm i'm i'm somewhat
mentoring right they had they had four businesses and this is something
that that happens so many times it lit like like you want you want a
hundred thousand dollar coaching this is what happens in hundred
thousand dollar coaching sessions and i'm being honest with you what
happens is someone who's coming in usually doing between one and three
million dollars a year um can't get past a certain point right and the
reason they can't get past is because they only have so much attention
they've spread between four or five different cases that's when the gym
owner has four gyms and is making less money than they did when they had
one gym because the amount of attention that they can allocate to one
facility has gone down so much that with fixed costs they basically are
breaking even right and so the same thing happens now that entrepreneur
is probably making one to three million in gross revenue but not taking
anything home because they don't have the attention actually put onto
things and so in order to grow you need to do less in order to grow you
need to do less and that comes from both delegation and also choosing
what not to do the better you get the better the opportunities that

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 you have to say no to imagine the level
of opportunities that we have now i'm just being honest so imagine how
many things we could do or trying jv with or do a partnership with or
whatever because of the distribution network that we have and the trust
and the goodwill that we have with the gym owners um that we have in our
network right a lot i get i you know how many people cold message me
like i have an opportunity for you i'm like really you have an
opportunity for me and so the better you get the better your
opportunities you have to say no to which is why becoming a higher and
higher and higher level entrepreneur is more and more difficult because
it requires discipline it's not about doing more it's about doing less
because we innately want to do more so doing more of your own internal
characteristic if that was what it took to get to be more successful
then everyone would be more successful because it would be something
that does not take effort because that is something that we already do
it's like man i outwork anyone i've got all this work with it cool that
gets you from zero to one it's not gonna get you any further than that
so stop identifying with that it

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 was something that i used to identify
with i was like i'll i'll outwork anyone or whatever like that was
something that i used to think about and it was a character trait it was
an identity thing and the more you grow the more you realize that your
identity needs to be fluid because what it needs to be is exactly what
it needs to be at that given time of development because the character
traits that i'm going to have to emphasize in a year are going to be
different than the ones that i have to emphasize now the skills that you
need to learn like delegation leadership those are things that are not
the things that take you in the beginning you have to be independent you
have to be a hustling you have to be grinding you have to be willing to
put in the work because no one else will do it for you especially if you
have no capital to start which most people who are on here are in that
situation to reel this back in the number one thing that you have to be
paying attention to is where you are paying your attention right like
you spend attention that's why they call it paying attention it's
because it is a resource and most people don't pay attention to that
right and so one of the things that a lot of people don't know about me
this one's going to go along um

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 some of the things that a lot of people
don't know about me is that i for nine months paid a coach to teach me
one thing which was to manage my attention was to teach me how to think
and so for 90 minutes every single day all i did was talk about what i
was thinking about think about that every day i paid attention to where
my attention was and when i did that all of a sudden my business blew up
right and i realized that i had toxic relationships i had toxic
relationships with parents i had toxic relationships with friends or
pseudo friends things that i that were taking my attention past things
that i had on my mind that i knew i had not handled so those are called
like open loops or open cycles right so when you have something that you
like i haven't resolved this then you need to handle that and you'll get
that attention back because what happens is you have this bowl this tiny
little bowl of marbles that each of those marbles is is a unit of
attention right if you had to measure it and so you put

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 little marbles of attention on your
childhood traumas you put little marbles of attention on your marriage
you put little uh marbles of attention on your health you put little
marvel's attention on your spirituality and then massive marbles of
attention on your business but the thing is is that sometimes you need
to quiet and collect all of these other little marbles so that you have
more potency more potential energy more potential units of attention to
spend on the one thing that you're trying to grow which in this case
would be your business and what's interesting is that what happens is
that things that were perceived as difficult become really easy and i
don't know if you've ever had this happen but like if you were in
college or you were in high school and you're like man i can't solve
this problem this math problem and you were exhausted then you go to bed
and you wake up the next morning and then all of a sudden it seems
really easy you're like i don't know why i didn't see that before
because attention gives you the ability to see right like if you're if
you think about wisdom right wisdom is an ability to see what other
people cannot see right two people are presented the same situation the
wiser person sees things

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 that the other person doesn't and how
can you see better you see better if you have more ability to see which
comes from your most valuable resource attention how much horsepower do
you have and so look at the things that you have in your in your life
right now like if i see someone who has a messy relationship life who's
got a messy love life who goes out every weekend and gets trashed right
like i can tell you billionaires don't do that that like the whole tony
stark like vision of the entrepreneur is a farce it's not true don't
believe that every single billionaire every single high-level
entrepreneur is quiet unbelievably quiet they keep themselves completely
isolated they have a bubble around them of of layers of protection
they're like like for me it's it's me and then there's layla and then we
have our co and then we have our executive assistant team because we
have a team of eas at this point we have four um who work the next level
there's no one who has direct access to me including our employees no

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 one does and that's because it's it
would disserve you you guys our gym owners if everyone had access to me
the reason that i don't respond to facebook messages is not because i
don't want to it's because i literally can't and if i did i would be
disturbing everyone because then my attention would be split because
someone can't generate leads in their mind or whatever you know what i
mean like because these little things these little things that are
perceived as huge issues to you in that moment because you have a little
bit of attention you you have so little left that everything seems like
an explosion but when you have lots of capacity big problems seem small
and small problems seem big and it sounds reverse because what you do is
you start seeing that all of these things are attention drains and you
just say i don't want to play anymore then you stop playing and then all
of a sudden everything gets really simple because the only things you
have to do become really simple at our gym lord's event one of the
things that we had to do or that i had everyone do was simply define the
number that they needed to have in their gym number of

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 efts in order to have the lifestyle
that they wanted to have really simple simple process most people didn't
have that but it's amazing what happens when you have clarity because
then it allows you to put your attention in one direction right and then
it gives you a litmus test will this help me grow this number yes or no
yes cool let's do it no ignore it right and it takes discipline to say
ignore it it takes discipline that's why it's hard that's why most
entrepreneurs aren't successful that's why most entrepreneurs don't grow
is because it's hard it's counterintuitive it's counter your character
and so you have to learn how to not be yourself in order to be the
person that you want to be and that's why that's why most people don't
do it and so to go ridiculously full circle on this every time i meet
with an entrepreneur and i told you we i coach is probably a loose term
but i'll meet with um a few a handful of entrepreneurs um on a
semi-regular basis and just see how how's it going and the question that
i always ask is what's your attention where's your attention

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 and if someone comes in and they seem
really really like scattered i already know that their attention's all
over the place they're super spread they're less able so of course they
can't grow their business because they don't have the very horsepower
the main resource that allows them to grow and push right and so look at
your life look at your relationship with your spouse loved one look at
your habits how you wake up how you eat how you exercise do you drink
here's an example for why we stop drinking all right and it has nothing
to do with any kind like there's no religious anything regarding this we
stopped drinking because i realized that i would drink at night on a
fairly regular basis not like i always had some issue with it i really
didn't i mean i drank a lot but i just whatever the point is this is
that i would i would drink in the evenings because i would it would it
would help me just de-stress but help me unwind but what that does is it
masks the thing that is taking my attention that i have anxiety on right
and so if you need to take a drink to unwind then it means you have
things

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 that you have not resolved and so one
by one what happened is that when i stopped drinking everything got
really loud and so i had to face and confront the things that i had not
resolved yet and so in the beginning it's the hardest but then what
happens is once you've actually resolved all of those things the desire
to drink goes away because you're like well i actually feel really good
right now i don't want to mess that up and so it flips but it took it
took probably six months for that to happen from it um and so i'm just
giving that as an example of um of what of what having your attention
split and kind of getting gaining that attention back can be so look at
your life look at your relationships look at your habits and the things
that are taking your attention you need to handle complete the cycles
and get the attention back so you can work on the one thing that you're
trying to grow and if you have side hustles and side businesses get rid
of them kill them that's what people like people come and they pay tons
of money to tell them do one thing and the only reason that they listen
is because we make one

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 and i'm telling you right now that's
what i would tell you do one thing focus do one thing focus saying it
again that's why most times uh when someone comes in they're like hey i
want to start an online business in a food prep business and and and uh
whatever right all at the same time because one of them is going to take
off it doesn't work that way all of them could take off you could have a
billion dollar uh food prep business you could have a billion dollar gym
business like your business like having more businesses is a farce i was
talking to a gym owner the other day and he's like yeah i mean two
paychecks is better than one and i was like no one fat paycheck is
better than two you can have a hundred million dollar roofing business
right that just repairs rooms you don't need to do general contracting
and also windows and also gutters and roofs you can just do one thing
and be really really really really really good at it and make as much
money as you want and so just break that belief of yourself of like i
have to have three things in order to make more money you know you don't
you don't it's not true you need one thing i had someone who's in the
real estate space

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 who was doing real estate coaching
after uh her first month of being in the coaching uh called me up and
was like there's just not enough real estate agents she was doing like
200 000 a month and i was like real estate agents i said how how how
small of a market do you think micro gym owner is i was like you
literally outnumber my market a hundred to one and i was like and we are
out doing outpacing your revenue twenty to one it's it's just these
beliefs that we have that are silly and i can tell you that the the
higher up you go all of those limiting beliefs disappear and you just
see people who operate a very high level very quiet very clean they
they're like if someone walks in the door and there's any negativity
those people just get up and late nothing personal i just can't have
that in my life right someone complained someone's negative oh this
weather ah traffic stop like no worries i'm just gonna get up and go
it's nothing personal right that's how they handle themselves so um
thank you guys for your attention um i hope i gave you a positive return
on it that was my intention um this wasn't a normal uh type of uh

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 video that i would normally make but
it was something that was like on my mind and i just had uh two or three
calls recently where i had told people to consolidate their businesses
get rid of one two or three businesses and then within a matter of 30
days two of those people had a multiple of 3x on their total revenue
between of what they were doing before within a 30-day period just by
getting their attention back look at what you can consolidate lots of
everyone i appreciate you and um shoot a like for someone who feels
really distracted or if you have a spouse and you're like we should
clean up our stuff tag them so that you can clean it up and uh have to
get some attention back all right that's a lot have an amazing thursday
and i will talk to you guys soon all right
