https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7o8dtUWPQg

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what you don't know can kill you and
ultimately will because at the end of the day all of us are going to die
and after having built two multi-figure companies another eight-figure
company another eight-figure company and then now we have a portfolio of
companies that do just about a million a week i've i've learned some
things about financial education and things like that and i realized i
was wildly deficient in other areas and so in this search for meaning
and figuring out you know what i want to do when i grow up i've kind of
bucketed the different disciplines that i think all of us have to learn
as entrepreneurs to fill the hole that we have in our souls and i think
a lot of us you know we we pursue business because we feel like it is
going to fill this hole even on some level we know it won't but we do it
anyways because we just don't have another best bet and so after having
enough money to question the the meaning of life i've kind of looked at
it looked at these at these buckets as seven things and so that's what
i'm

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 going to talk about in this video and i
think it's useful because a lot of times we just don't know what we lack
and simply having an understanding of the breadth of topics and
disciplines that we should have and understand will show us where our
deficiencies are and i believe that you need all seven in order to feel
more complete and as i've made more progress in these things i feel like
i've been able to unearth my singular meaning it's not necessarily yours
but for me it's to learn i love learning and so for me one of the best
ways of learning is teaching and so i get questions all the time about
why i make these videos like why like why would i care about doing this
stuff for free i do it for me because i love learning and i learn best
through teaching you know what i'm going through right now and so these
are the seven different disciplines i think every human being has to
learn all right so the first is um foundational education all right now
the good thing is the system is pretty decent at decent at teaching this
one all right so this is like reading writing and math like that's how i
see it it's like if you can read write and mat and do math

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 you'll learn that from school and
specifically just like reading writing yeah reading writing and math are
kind of what i would consider foundational principles because from there
you can use reading and writing and math to learn the rest of the
principles right and so this one's foundational and this is pretty much
the only one that we get taught in school which is why everyone or at
least for me i felt wildly deficient to deal with the real world because
there's so many other things right which is crazy to me that like what
we cover are not i think we should just get foundations if i were to
redesign our education system i would just teach reading writing and
math and then the rest of it would be around these disciplines all right
so the next thing is physical all right and the thing is is if you're
living in this world you live in the physical plane and so you have to
understand what you need to eat and how do you need to move in order to
you know increase your energy longevity etc and so all the things
underneath this is bucket energy min uh sorry uh would be like sleep you
know like your own sleep routines if you have them but not to be
religious about them or superstitious about them because those

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 end up becoming handicaps more than
they actually end up helping you but how to actually train to look the
way you want to look how to eat the way you want to look how to eat and
train the way so you can know how you want to feel all of this stuff
because you exist in this plane and we have these bodies for our whole
lives and so it would behoove us to learn how to do these things because
all the rest of these disciplines are no longer a priority if your
physical health is um is is waning right it's like was it the there's
there's a saying about the everybody can have every wish in the world
except for when you're sick you only have one which is to not be sick
right and so learning this is what i would consider the second level of
education the third level of education that i've outlined for myself is
professional right and this is one where depending on what your what
your skill set is right or what sorry what what career path you want to
go down some schools are you know if you want to be an accountant
there's pretty decent there's a decent career path there for you to
learn that skill now most accountants would say yeah when i had my you
know once i graduated

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 with my mac or my master's in
accounting that's when really my real education began right and so many
of these are like that especially from the formal education standpoint
but hopefully as i'm going through these you can think to yourself like
okay where am i lacking and as i get higher and higher up i will tell
you i think the fulfillment and the and the meaning that you can derive
from them these kind of work like a pyramid right like this is the base
and then you you build up all right the next level of this uh what i i
would consider is uh emotional all right and uh this one you have to
continue to grow over time because this is just like understanding your
own your own feelings and thoughts and as you you know grow as an
entrepreneur you have to know these things because you'll you'll figure
out where your deficiencies are all of us have them and if you can't
think to yourself what your deficiencies are and name them and be okay
with yourself while still having them i think that you get stuck there
because you just don't know how to fix yourself right not that you need
to be fixed but how to grow right and so this is the kind of the fourth
the fourth level of education now note this one we don't get taught
anything

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 about at all anywhere right and you
have to learn all this stuff on your own and most of us have no
education on this so think about how much time you've devoted to like
this one now because now we're really departing from formal education
obviously there's not much formal education around physical recess
doesn't really count right the next level that i have here is uh
relational all right so this is how to communicate influence and deal
with others and this is wildly important because first you have to
master yourself right and then the next step there is being able to
relate to others in a way that is that is meaningful and so by doing
that you're able to influence others you're able to build groups build
tribes build companies all of this is going to be predicated on your
ability to deal with other humans again this isn't taught anywhere right
that's why you know some some of the books that that were most most
transformational transformational for me in my life were books that that
talked about how to deal with other people how to communicate right how
to how to have people like you right how to have people trust you and
really the flip side of that is how to be likable and how to be
trustworthy

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 rather than some like hacks or tricks
it's so much more about the character traits which is the ugly answer
but it's also probably the truth so these are the these are the five
levels and if you're looking at yourself right now hopefully you should
be like well how much time am i spending learning uh this discipline for
my own emotions how am i how much time am i spending learning this
discipline in learning how to relate to others the next one that i that
i have here is financial all right financial literacy and uh i would say
this first in the beginning is personal finance which is basically
learning how to spend less than you make and then ideally significantly
less than you make if you listen to any of my stuff because wealth is a
ratio it is not a number it is a it is a ratio between how much you earn
versus how much you spend so if you want to increase your wealth you can
decrease your expenses and in so doing become more wealthy think about
that for a second and while you process that i will i will tell you the
the second iteration of financial which is then how to multiply so in
the beginning it's about the getting getting of the money and then

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 the next level how to multiply the
money that you have right and have the money work for you and that's
that's um i would say currently this is where i'm focusing a lot of my
time and attention because i want to learn that game that being said a
lot of these things combined together right like if you want to have a
business you need to know how to manage your own emotions you need to
know how to relate to others you need to know how to manage finances you
need to have some skills that you have professionally to provide value
to the marketplace in and remember with like this professional school
that i was saying earlier only if you have like a formal career path or
you're going to learn this in the in the in the formal education system
which is you know failing everybody even more every every day but most
most professions right you learn you learn by doing you learn by getting
into that industry right and so that's why there's no school for
entrepreneurship not really you know there's entrepreneurship schools
but like let's be honest like they're not legit the the the real school
for entrepreneurship is just getting into the game and starting to play
and so right now as we're thinking you're going through this right i've
named six and i'll tell you the last one in a second um but think about
where you rate on these

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 like how much time am i spending
learning about financial education how much time i spend can i read a
balance sheet right um can i read a cash flow statement uh relational
right like how much time am i spending learning how to relate to others
do you say things like and this is important for everyone who has an
identity which is everyone right do you face things like like i don't
play well with others i don't even like saying that me personally as i'm
telling you this i don't like saying that because i don't like speaking
that over myself but i can tell you the more you can become aware of how
people say i am i do i have right i must i should etc people tell you
their own limiting beliefs and the things that you say and the things
that you speak over yourself become your reality and like this is very
true like i'm i don't want to say this like people will say i'm not good
with money right i don't even like saying it right because you speak
this belief into yourself and that becomes your reality and so the first
thing you have to do is start correcting your language so that you know
it's like i have a i have i have a weakness here i have a deficiency in
terms of my learning right because then it becomes an opportunity that
you can fix rather than i am this way it is certain i speak this

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 way and therefore will never grow
right and so as you're looking through these pillars of disciplines that
that come inevitably on the on the entrepreneurial journey you have to
you have to see what your deficiencies are and learn them right and
that's and if you're like looking at this and it seems overwhelming well
you have your whole life to learn them which is what i think is
inspiring and i honestly think for me looking at these disciplines has
given me a lot of meaning in my own life because i just see this as so
much stuff that i want to do i want to learn all this stuff and then it
makes it makes living more interesting for me and then finally the last
one is philosophical all right and this is this is the values that you
choose to live by these are the things that you believe to be true that
are eternal and so for me this has been incredibly incredibly useful and
i can tell you guys for anybody who's watching this like when you have
enough money to spend millions of dollars a year every single year for
the rest of your life just on the money that you have assuming it
doesn't even grow like you

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 ask different and weirder like life
gets weird right you have weirder questions that you ask and then you
realize there's really so hopefully i can jump to the end of that for
for anybody who's curious you won't get more fulfillment from all of
these things any one of these things but it's really feeling how you can
balance all these things but i think that philosophical despite the fact
that i said it's the seventh bucket i actually think that it's the most
important bucket and all of the changes in my own subjective well-being
and how much i enjoy living have come from fundamental shifts in my
philosophy about what i what i believe it means to be human and the time
that we spend here on earth and so anyways if you're looking at yourself
and you're looking at your own deficits um a and that's okay is one of
my favorite sayings that i tell myself my own self-talk right i'm not
good at this and that's okay right i'm not good at this yet and that's
okay i'm not good at the relational side with other people yet and
that's okay right because i'm going to learn right i'm not as good at
the finances as i

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 would like to be yet and that's okay
right and so it becomes it gets you out of this defeatist talk this
absolutism of being deficient and making it something that's an
opportunity for you to grow it and i know this sounds minor but i'm
telling you when i look at the employees that i have i look at the
people that are in our company i look at the businesses that we work
with i can tell immediately by someone's language patterns how likely
they are to grow right and so the first thing you can do is correct your
own language patterns for each of these each of these buckets but
getting back to philosophical right as the seventh bucket this bucket i
believe is i mean it's the meaning of life right and what will happen is
if you are doing all of these things you're doing your financial
education you're making more money you're increasing your influence
through your relational discipline your your s your sense of self and
your emotional management your impulse control is improving right your
your professional skills are enhancing your physical well-being your
energy your sleep the habits that you have around that are things that
are increasing your longevity increasing

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 your energy increasing your sense of
well-being from a physical standpoint and hopefully you have the
foundational education of learning of reading and writing which if you
don't you should do that first because it's the gateway to learning all
these other things but the thing is is all of these other ones if you
don't know why you're doing them i think that ultimately you don't feel
better so you may improve all of these things but you don't feel better
and i think that most of us just want to feel better and so for me
making strides in understanding why i do what i do and where i derive
meaning in life has been uh one of the most fulfilling for me and
ultimately why i've been increasing my you know constant stuff on the
channels and i'm writing books right now that i'll be releasing for free
for everyone just to help other entrepreneurs um and people make
positive contribution with the potential that they all that we all have
inside of us and so anyways i i wish you an absolutely amazing day stay
tuned for uh my next video um hope you love it and uh i'll see you in
the next vid bye
