https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkPwFqa89gE

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to show you the
handful of abnormal routines that i do that people have laughed at me
for but that i believe will serve you first off right off the bat i'm
not the type of person who does you know cold showers and like light
stuff and red saunas and you know the orange glasses and the finger toe
shoes and the biohacking and like all that stuff i don't i don't really
subscribe to that kind of methodology i would say that most of the
things that i've seen that have been quote productivity hacks really
become to borrow something from my wife uh procrastination hacks it's
people who love making spending all their time making lists and not
really doing and so i'm i don't do a lot of things on a regular basis so
i don't have a tremendously complex routine and that is i think because
i would rather spend my time working i'll give you a handful of things
that have served me well the first is that for i would say the first and
this is where i think is more valuable to people who are coming up for
the first probably eight years of my business career i woke up around
four

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 o'clock in the morning just about every
day and part of that came because i started in the fitness industry and
i was doing that anyways but also because i didn't have to talk to
anyone until about 10 a.m and so that gave me about six hours of
uninterrupted work time that i could really move projects forward and so
yes that means the first thing i did every morning was i would wake up
and i would start working and i think that the morning really actually
starts the night before and so this is something i don't know if it's
talked about as much but for me i can't it's it's more difficult for me
to go to sleep until i have thought about what i'm going to do the next
day so i feel like i have to clear my mental kind of like bandwidth and
say all right what are the few things i'm going to focus on tomorrow and
i've never really given myself more than three things to do and so it's
usually one to three things people like was it two or is it three or is
it one i don't really believe in making rules around that stuff so if
i'm just gonna be editing my book tomorrow then that might be the only
thing i have if i have a couple of things that are gonna take a little
bit of time that i might have three things on the calendar right and
that's about it right and so the first kind of habit around this is that
i plan the night before

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 i know what i'm going to do the moment
i wake up and then upon waking up i pretty much just start getting to
work and i have my first four six hours of the day dedicated to moving
those things forward and for a lot of people that's hard but i think
that so is being successful and you just have to pick what kind of hard
you want being broke is hard so as being successful is just one of them
you know might get you close to your goals so that's the first kind of
habit that i would say that i do that's maybe atypical is that i don't
have some crazy routine in the morning besides i drink a cup of coffee
and that's about it the second thing is i try and decrease the amount of
decisions that i have to make throughout the day and so for me i think
decisions that we make over and over and over again i think are wasted
ones especially if they're the outcome is pretty much moot and so one of
those things is like food and so i eat the same thing every day for
breakfast lunch and dinner and um that may sound crazy to you but uh for
me i like what i have for breakfast lunch and dinner and so i look
forward to it every day and i don't really have any stress that goes
around that beyond that uh this is very very small but uh if

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 you've acquired a lot of belongings
over your you know time period trinkets and things like that i think you
gain a tremendous amount of attention from getting rid of those things
which is probably why if you've ever like cleaned out your garage or
cleaned out a storage closet you feel better it's like ah all these like
little attention that that was just like left there and every time i
walked by i was like i should do something about that well try and clear
as many of those things as you can so that you have as much of that
bandwidth back and i think that that kind of manifests itself in just
better higher quality decisions the third thing that i'll say that i
would do is that's somewhat different so the first being uh the night
before early morning wake up no real routine there besides just get to
work and the second being like i ate the same things every day the third
piece is kind of the the nighttime side of it which is i think it's more
important to have a bedtime than it is to have a wake-up time and so you
might you know hear me say yes i wake up at 4 a.m but that might mean
that it's 4 45 some days it might mean it's 3 10 some days it might mean
it's even 5 30 some days i'm more inclined to just go to sleep

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 earlier and wake up when i wake up than
trying to you know get myself out of bed when i'm exhausted and from all
the very very wealthy people that i i know they value the quality of
sleep that they have not that they're obsessed with it because i know
that i can work on four hours of sleep for a very long period of time
but i make better high quality decisions uh when i am well rested and so
the third kind of habit around that is set an alarm for your bedtime
rather than your wake up time it's a tiny little hack and i think it'll
it'll do you a lot of good um and so for me you might think wow that's
not a lot of routines and i think that there's something to that i when
i hear about someone who says like ah unless i you know do a polar
plunge and i and i walk outside barefoot and i have all these things
that happen i don't think that i to me that sounds like you're not
resilient at all and that you can't handle stress at all i want to be
able to be resilient so that no matter what condition i'm in i'm
adaptable and i can survive and hopefully thrive and so if i it's me
against somebody who needs to

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 have you know their that all of their
pens in order and all of their you know their their 20 minutes of
journaling in the morning and then they have to read their book and then
after that they have to do their their their out loud ohms and they have
to do this whole song and dance what ends up happening it starts
creating superstition around how you work and that's bad because now you
become reliant on that action in order to just be functional not above
functional because anything that gives you like a short-term boost
oftentimes just becomes a crutch over time and so i'm very very
sensitive to superstitions and having crutches because i would rather
just say hey i can wake up i can drink a cup of coffee and i can get to
work and i think that a lot of times people who look into all these
productivity hacks look into all these routines look into all this stuff
many times use that as a crutch to lean on to feel productive rather
than actually getting work done and so big picture those are the things
that have actually yielded me disproportionate returns i've tried a lot
of that stuff i've tried the gratitude journals i've tried the you know
saying things out loud the

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 affirmations i've tried all of these
different things and the things that stuck were the things that were
simple and i think that if you look at lots of successful people the the
sleeping hours that they keep are wildly different there's some people
who work do their best work between 10 8 you know 10 p.m and 4 a.m and
they work night outs i've got a friend of mine who's a billionaire who
does that and that's he's like alex i can't wake up and do work any time
before 10 a.m and i'm like that's cool like that's how he does it and so
i think it's more important to figure out what sleeping schedule do i
get the best work done in and when can i allocate time that is just my
time to think and as entrepreneurs like the higher up we go to more
about the decisions we make rather than the actions we take and that's
something that i've stuck with and so as always it's here alex ramos the
owner of jim launch prestige labs and alan we've done you know 120 plus
million we're on pace for over 85 million this year i have nothing to
sell you i make these videos because i hope that someone uh learns from
some of the lessons and doesn't have to fall for the the many traps
along the way of uh the productivity hacks and the biohacking and all
this craziness

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 that can just get in the way of just
get it done do the boring work and you'll see the results i'll see on
the other side
