https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFKGHL1MqkU

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's the millionaire morning routine
a lot of people ask these questions if you look on youtube instagram
tick tock so-and-so's morning routine the five things so-and-so does the
moment he wakes up they think that there's some magic pill or some super
five-step thing that's gonna somehow get them to do the work at the very
end of this video i'll give you my morning routine everything that i do
between when i wake up and when i work we have to define what
productivity even means productivity is getting more done per unit of
time people who move faster in life don't actually move faster they get
more done per unit of time i had this guy reach out to me he's like dude
i got this coach he's got me doing like morning walks red lights on it
and i do a cold plunge and i do my gratitude journal he's like by the
time i'm done my morning routine it's like 11 a.m and i was like do you
think you'd be more productive if you just prospected for three hours a
day i was like yeah probably and i was like doesn't sound very
productive though what's interesting is that people approach the problem
of the fact that they're not getting enough done per unit of time and
they think that i should add more things that are not getting things
done to become more productive per unit of time that doesn't make sense
right why do people not think that way because people don't define the
terms that they use but if you define productivity as the amount of work
you do per unit of time probably

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 would stop doing a lot of the things
that you're doing that aren't working when people give you their advice
for how to become productive think is this adding things that are not
work to my calendar of the work that i'm doing how much leverage am i
getting from that work so i can multiply even further at the work that i
do you order your tasks in order of the leverage that they have the
definition of leverage is you get more output per unit of input if i do
a little bit and i get a lot i have a lot of leverage you simply have
some things that you get more money per period of time and less money
per period of time that's it what are the tasks that get us the most
output for example i could make sales calls that is going to be a
one-to-one input of like i do this effort and i get sales out of it with
that same level of effort if i could go recruit a salesperson which
would take me a finite period of time and then that person replaces that
my ongoing support for that person is going to be two three hours a week
so i gain back 20 hours a week of prospecting in exchange for two to
three hours a week plus money and so the act of entrepreneurship is
simply consistently making these trades of what can i buy my time back
with even at the point where you had an entire company

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 leading to one person and that person
talks to you if we were to try and think of like the perfect morning
routine we should think about the reverse of that which is what's the
worst morning routine how could i create a morning routine that would
make me the least effective one i'll make it longest humanly possible
number two i'd have lots of steps and processes involved so that i could
use up lots of mental energy before i could even start working number
three is that i would become very very reliant on that thing if i don't
get this one thing in then it means i cannot work you have to make your
bed in order to become a millionaire the problem with that is that we're
separating fact from psychology if i make making my bed mean that i'm
going to do the things that i said i'm going to do then it's super
productive but it's not the making the bed that's the thing that's
important it's the fact that i'm committed to doing the things that i
said i'm going to do gurus will get on this superstition around these
things that they do but not describe the meaning that they've ascribed
to the thing oh i do this thing to establish discipline then it's not
the thing it's the discipline in which case you could replace the thing
with any other thing or you could just tell yourself your discipline you
don't need to prove it to

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 yourself the easiest way to disprove
something is to say let me find an instance where this doesn't exist and
i still have the outcome that's how you disprove something in like
science if there's a millionaire morning routine then it would have to
be the same thing that all millionaires do you have to wake up early i
can tell you right now plenty of millionaires don't wake up early you
have to have seven streams of income all i have to do is find one person
who doesn't have seven streams of income to show you that that's not
true do you have to do real estate in order for millionaire no you have
to be in software you have to be in web three by the way buddy doing 70
million a year with janitorial services for big buildings boring as \[
\_\_ \] the anti-routine concept came from the fact that i get asked by
so many \[ \_\_ \] people what my routine was because they thought there
was some magic pill of how i got stuff done besides getting stuff done
that somehow is going to make them confront the fact that they're not
working because they don't want to work you don't need to create some
magical morning routine where you sing a flute magical dance outside and
sing in the rain and the journals and all the other \[ \_\_ \] like
there's work to be done and the question is how quickly can i begin that
work that's it the perfect routine would be you wake up and you
immediately work because you've trained yourself to be able to do it if
you are one of these

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 people who has a 90-minute morning
routine before you start working try waking up and walking straight over
to begin work don't even check your phone most people spend most of
their time doing \[ \_\_ \] that doesn't matter and for the people who
are going to say isn't the morning routine kind of like a warm-up before
a workout or actually like need to prepare yourself before you start
working how long do you really need to warm up your brain do you think
that your ability to warm up your brain is trainable because if it's
trainable then your routine should shrink and your number of hours of
work should increase it is people who are like i get more done if i have
a morning routine cool see if you can just compress the morning routine
to take less time of the 10 things you do remove one see how you do
remove two see how you do the fundamental equation of productivity how
much you do multiply by how much leverage you have on the stuff you do
if we're defining those things as the equation for productivity then the
perfect morning routine should be one that maximizes the volume of work
you do and the leverage that you create from the volume and so for me
that looks like waking up having a cup of coffee and getting to work and
then ordering my day in the order in which i have the highest

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 leverage activities to the lowest
leverage activities and if you enjoy this stuff and you want to think
about how can i get more leverage for the work i have then you should
watch this 55 minute video which is the number one video on my channel
on leverage and assessing opportunities
