https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpqSy5V1fFQ

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 so i was at a mastermind with seven
other entrepreneurs and the total room cumulatively was doing over 500
million dollars a year in revenue and uh so this was kind of a cool
meetup of very high level entrepreneurs and you know everybody kind of
went up there and and shared the things that they were doing well and uh
you know between things we're eating and having a good time and uh what
was interesting to me is that in the entrepreneurial world so many
entrepreneurs have all these weird shticks about like their food and
their exercise and their hydration and their what you know orange
glasses they wear and their finger toe shoes and their bio hacking and
just all this weirdness but i actually came from the fitness world and
uh all that stuff is complete make believe and so um it's really good
for selling people stuff but it's complete a complete farce so anyways i
uh the whole time these guys are sitting there and uh they're like oh no
i only eat keto and they're

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 so i only do intermittent fasting right
and uh and i'm sitting there listening to them i'm like eating twizzlers
and cookies and ice cream and they're like what the you know like what
are you doing right and by the second day they see that i literally
continue to eat this way like an um and they're like what are you what
are you doing man like how does this work and so between all the stuff
that we talked about business-wise um while it was lunchtime i was like
all right this is uh this is kind of how i've been eating for 17 years
and i was in better shape than all the guys there and believe it or not
a bunch of those guys ended up telling me months later that they had all
gotten in shape based on the presentation that i gave them which is a
different way of eating and so um i've been doing this for almost 20
years i've been in shape that entire time i have not not had a six-pack
since i was 13 or 14. um and i eat ice cream every day yep every day um
and i drink alcohol and

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 i eat cookies and i do all the things
um that people want to do all right and so what i'm going to take you
through is a very special little thing that i put together um which is
actually an adaptation of what i presented to these guys um at this
little meetup all right so uh buckle up and i think that you will enjoy
this the first thing that everybody has to understand is what body type
you are and what body type you'd like to become right and so i kind of
put this on a little matrix of high fat low fat low muscle high muscle
so you could be you know uh high fat low muscle and you would have a
very feminine figure right you could have low muscle low fat and be skin
and bones you could be high fat high muscle and just be big you could be
low fat and high muscle which is what a bodybuilder is and you know
there's various pieces along this curve right once you figure out where
you are let's say you're skinny right and you want to get uh big right
then you would have a

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 line that you could pretty much draw
directionally to the place that you want to go so if you're going up
that way that means you need to uh increase your number of calories and
you need to increase your volume those are the two things that you need
to do because if you're going in this direction then this these are the
two directional arrows this guy and this guy that you would need to
adhere to right so you basically plot the same uh hot increase calories
decrease calories decrease volume increase volume along the same plot
line that you had high fat low fat high muscle low muscle all right
don't get too sp caught up in this i just like to have visuals because
that's how how i think if you know where you are and you know where you
want to go then you can know what you need to do to get there you
increase your calories and increase your volume and there you go here's
the thing that got them all tripped up and then i said hey guys do you
guys want to know why all your diets are the same and they were like uh
what i was like yeah crazy i know and so right now not including alcohol
there's three main macronutrients right you got protein carbs and fat if
you're eating a normal

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 balanced meal that's what something
like this would look like right uh you have kind of an even distribution
of protein carbs and fat in your meal now what happens is whenever you
do a diet right so let's say you do keto all right well if you're doing
keto all you're doing is you're going to be removing this orange thing
and having just you basically eliminate your carbs and so you eat one
third fewer calories makes sense if you have a low-fat diet you're
eliminating your fat which is this yellow guy right and again you're
eating one-third fewer calories if you did a portion control diet you
would eat equal amounts of the same three things but just less of them
overall and so you would you guessed it eat fewer calories and if you
did intermittent fasting you would go from eating three meals a day to
eating two meals a day and guess what you would be eating fewer calories
sorry about the camera being crazy anyway so this is the thing that's
happening right now right is that you're eliminating calories that is
what is going on in

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 every diet that you possibly do all
right and so all these guys get all like oh no i do really well with low
carb i do really well with high fat you know high low whatever it
doesn't matter like it's all horseshit it's just calories it's all that
matters okay and so um this was driving me nuts which is why i started
making this little put together for you guys but this is why every other
diet is the same right and here's the here's the fun one for you if you
struggled and you had a diet that didn't work for you here's why let's
say you did keto if you did keto the wrong the right way it would look
like this right you would cut out your carbs right and then that calorie
amount is eliminated from your diet and then over time you lose weight
right now this is what a lot of people who said ah keto didn't work for
me it's like because you started drinking butter right you started
eating rib eyes for breakfast every day well no there's a lot more
calories that you took in so the amount that you cut out did not
compensate for the amount of excess protein and fat that you added into
your diet that ended up actually netting you

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 more calories than you would need right
and that's why it didn't work for you that is why these diets don't work
so what i will tell you now is what actually has to happen in order for
it to work uh in reality okay so these are the only three things that 99
of people need to know in order to figure out what they want to uh how
they wanna eat how they wanna look you just gotta know one how many
calories you need to eat two how many grams of protein you need and
three how much volume you need to do i'm not gonna talk about number
three today i'm just gonna talk about one and two because that's what 99
you need to even think about anyways here's the simplest way to figure
out number one now there's a million there's a million uh little
formulas that you can use here the basic one is your body weight times
your goal very simple so if you're a 200 pound guy right and you wanted
to maintain then you'll probably be eating between 2 600 and 3 000
calories so 200 to do times 15 would be cool 3 000 calories right that's
if you wanted to maintain on the high side right now let's say you
wanted to lose weight unless you wanted to go a little bit more extreme
then it would be 200 times 10 which would be 2

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 000 calories very simple all right
there's a million different ways to try and calculate this and none of
them matter because controlling what you ingest is easy understanding
how much you expel in calories is very hard and so it doesn't matter
anyways the thing is is step one is you determine how many calories
you're supposed to eat based on your goal and the thing is is if you
started this and you're like man i wanted to lose weight and you're not
losing weight at a rate that you would find fast enough you can always
just decrease it it's not that hard right very straightforward so you
multiply your body weight by the the number here so you can see here
it's from 7 all the way up to 21. if you wanted to have extreme weight
gain it'd be your body weight times you know a high up number over here
if you wanted to have extreme weight loss it'd be a low number over here
and that's it right if you ever everything in between so i said if you
wanted to have pretty fast weight loss then you'd be your body weight
times 10 right very simple now that we've done that we go to step two
you got to figure out how much protein to eat and this is

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 the part that everyone gets kind of
trippy on right because i'm showing you the whole point of this and put
this together for you and then you can have all the ice cream and all
the cookies and all the alcohol you ever dreamed of and still have a six
pack all right forever for good because it's my belief that if you're if
you're going to do this right if you're going to play the game you have
to do it in a way that you'd be able to do it forever right if i can't
do something for the rest of my life then i don't see a point in doing
it who cares about being in shape for eight weeks right when i want to
be in shape for the rest of my life right no one's going to remember you
for being in shape that that time period they're going to be like oh
yeah you always struggled with his weight and he was always trying new
crazy things wouldn't it be nice to just solve it for good protein uh
which is the second number here your body weight times 1 in grams is
about what you need to have for protein per day very simple all right so
for 200 pounds then you need 200 grams of protein now here's where it's
kind of cool you're like well and here's the biggest life hack and
possibly give you 100 grams of protein is equivalent to one pound of
lean meat all right so if you need to have 200 grams that would be two
pounds of lean

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 meat and so for me the world's
simplest you know diet of all time and by diet it's like this is just
how i live he said i eat two pounds of meat a day all right and be like
that's crazy it's not really you get used to it right and uh you just
stop eating the crap that you probably eat right now so two pounds of
meat can be two pounds of shrimp it could be two pounds of uh tilapia
could be two pounds up it doesn't have to be the same thing you could
have a quarter pound of four different things you know excuse me a half
pound of four different things uh you could have a tenderloin you know
you could have a skirt stick you have flank steak like those are very
lean steaks uh actually not squishy sorry flank sticks lean you could
have top round you could have uh top sirloin like those are all very
lean steaks all of these are just very lean proteins uh chicken breasts
right there's a million of these but the point is is that a lean meat is
a lean meat and they're all about the same in terms of grams if you
needed to have 200 grams of protein then you'd have two pounds of lean
meat and that's what you would eat for the day all right wait don't
worry you're like what about the cookies and ice cream i'm gonna get

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 there now we have to figure out if we
know how many calories we're eating per day and we know uh how much
protein we're eating then we need to figure out what's left over so
here's how you put it all together one is we calculated our calories for
our goal so if we said we wanted to lose weight we were 200 pounds and
we did 11 sure because we want to do moderate weight loss we would eat 2
200 calories a day awesome second step here we calculate protein for our
body weight so if we were 200 200 pounds we'd have 200 grams of protein
great which is gonna be two pounds of lean meat simple step three we're
going to calculate our calories from our protein all right so roughly
roughly if you want to be all sciency four four calories per gram is how
many actual calories are in a gram of protein but when you eat a source
of protein like a chicken breast there's also some fat in it right even
when it's super lean there's still some fat and so what we do what i do
my back of napkins

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 secret super method is you just
multiply it by five all right the reason i do that is so that i can
account for a little bit of fat that's gonna be carried along with it so
if i'm gonna have my 200 grams of protein times five it means i'm going
to eat about a thousand calories they're going to come from my protein
sources all right great so now what i'm going to do is i'm going to take
my step 4 my 2200 calories subtract my thousand calories of protein and
i've got 1200 calories of whatever the hell i want every day here's the
secret to having the body you want for the rest of your life eating
cookies every day and making every entrepreneur that you go to the
masterminds with feel like a because you have a six-pack and you're
eating ice cream and cookies and twizzlers and all the things that you
want in this world while they are telling you about why they're
biohacking right and why they're burning so much fat right now except
they look the same every year here's the key you eat the 1200 calories
of whatever the hell you want and you can do it every day you can change
what you want to eat in those 1200 calories every day if you feel like
it but the key point is that the cornerstone of the diet is that you get
enough protein in so you get your

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 protein in first and then you fill up
to the lid and whatever else you want now you may find out that a white
potato is more filling than nerds ropes i would know this from first
hand but if you don't have a compulsive need to eat right which i don't
um then you can control yourself and eat whatever the heck you want
right i tend to not be that hungry as a person in general and so i like
to have more appetizing foods and i'd rather eat less of them right some
people love to have huge volumes of food in which case you'll probably
eat more whole foods right you'll probably have more potatoes and rice
and all that kind of stuff right the point is is that once you just know
those two numbers how many calories you eat how many grams of protein
you have you can eat for the rest of your life never go on or off a diet
ever again and here's the cool part you can split up those meals
whatever way you want all right you can eat them you can be like i can
have five meals a day you can have three meals a day you could have one
meal a day it doesn't matter all right crazy i know it's like it's
almost like they've been trying to sell you your whole lives i know all
right but the

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 reason this is so cool is that you
can't fall off right there's no like diet like you you can eat whatever
the hell you want like it doesn't matter you want to have ice cream
every day you guys from every day and so if you're like oh like you
can't you won't feel like you're cheating on a cheat day because you
have ice cream every day right the best way to get people to become
obsessed with food is to get them to restrict themselves from doing
stuff because then they splurge and you know do a ton of it but if you
eat ice cream today it stops being special if you eat cookies every day
it stops being special right and so this is how i've eaten for almost 20
years um this has been you know the the secret behind it um and i get
very tired of seeing the entrepreneurial world get fooled with
shenanigans of stuff that does not matter that is why i wanted to share
this with you it's also like the number one question i get which is like
hey what do you eat every day um this is what i've eaten every day for
almost 20 years um and all i do is i adjust the you know the goal up and
down if i want to you know if i wanted to gain weight i would eat the
same two pounds of protein i would just have more extra calories if

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 i wanted to have it's you basically
have this base of protein that just protects your muscle right and then
everything else is just variable of just how many calories extra you
want to eat and you can eat them whatever you want i want to make sure
that i got all my little notes here that i remembered but the big point
here is that all this stuff works because you can't fall off right you
can't cheat because nothing is forbidden right and no one is immune to a
calorie deficit right if you eat nothing long enough you will lose
weight everyone like like some people lose weight faster or slower but
everybody loses weight in deficit that's it that's the that's the food
portion of uh of what alex eats every day and if you're an entrepreneur
and you're like man i wish i could you know you're obsessed with all
this biohacking and all the all the supplements to try and uh to try and
lose lose fat faster but you're but you look the exact same years later
um then uh it's possible that maybe the stuff that you're doing doesn't
work and it doesn't matter and instead you should take a page out of
this and um what's kind of funny is that uh i know

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 just as much if not more about fitness
stuff than i do about business stuff but i just haven't talked about in
a very long time and i don't want this channel to be a fitness channel i
just get really really tired of the shenanigans and the tomfoolery that
i see in the entrepreneurial space around this and people speak in these
absolutes and they're completely false and so anyways i know that mossy
nation you guys are intelligent and hopefully shredded and jacked in the
future and i want you to be able to hashtag never skip dessert while
also having a six-pack and that is why i made this video for you so uh
keep being awesome lots of love if you enjoyed this hit sub if you
didn't love either way catch you guys next video bye
