https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx48qPlaGvE

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 I want to tell you about the most
powerful sales tactic that I have learned I never learned it from a book
I actually learned it by accident and it will be included in the 100
million dollar sales book when it comes out and so you heard it here
first but it's a concept that you can do as a salesperson to gain trust
and I stumbled into this I ended up selling a hundred percent of people
after I made this one switch and how I sold and I was able to teach it
to people who'd never sold before and they were able to close 80 90 of
people who are coming in the door mind you this is a retail environment
selling physical products so rewind the clock I was selling supplements
at my gym and the way that we would sell supplements is that we'd sell
some sort of service package and then we'd do a nutrition orientation
the camp the nutrition orientation we'd actually you know set them up
with their meal plans and then we'd make recommendations for products
now normally I would sell pretty well but still I always wanted to sell
more and get better we'd killed this launch for like a new challenge or
something and we had a hundred new customers there come in and I ran out
one of the key uh products I had ladies come in the first half of the
day and able to get the products and then some of their friends who
signed up with them came in the second half of the day and were like hey
my friend Sandy told me that I need X X

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 Y and Z and I was like oh we don't have
Z anymore and it was like really awkward and I was like a lady came in
and so rather than me try and skirt around this clear item that was on
the list that I didn't have I said hey by the way you can get this one
for cheaper down the street at Costco so like you don't need to get this
one from me like this one's a little better but I think it'll get the
job done you can get this one after you've done the program and they're
like oh thanks like that was cool after I made that one crossout I was
like but you do want this and this from us and they're like okay cool as
soon as I made that switch from saying hey you don't need to buy this
one you can get that from over there everyone bought what I recommended
afterwards and I was like whoa and so then I leaned into that and was
like I wonder if I could do more of that so I could sell even more on
the back side so then I had two products that I was like hey you can get
this and this over here get this brand it should be at this price you
can go get it it'll save you 10 or 20 bucks and they were like wow even
better and then I remember I looked at my list and there was you know a
lady that it was like a mass

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 Gator and she obviously wasn't trying
to gain mass and so I was like you're not trying to gain Mass art and
she's like no I was like you can just cross that out go ahead you don't
worry about that and so I gave her recommendation two things that she
could get for cheaper and then I said you don't need to worry about this
and then when I said hey like I need you to take two of these in the
morning next to this take three of these take them next to this put this
in your car so you always have it with you I closed everyone what that
gave birth to was something that I used to call sacrificial Lambs but
now call ghost products because it sounds better but I ended up over
time not even carrying the products that I had on there that I was
recommending out because they were so powerful as a sales tool for me to
gain trust from the other person this is an incredibly incredibly
powerful tactic and like all persuasion the difference between
manipulation and help is intention and so if you want to help someone
you are manipulating them but you're just doing it in a positive intent
now and if you change someone's behavior and you have negative intent
you are manipulating them if you believe in the stuff that you sell you
can create an environment where someone will trust you faster by giving
them a reason to trust you and so that means that you acted in their
self-interest rather than

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 your own so that they can feel like
you're not trying to take advantage of them now if you know that they
need this stuff but they don't yet know that they need the stuff then
you can make a concession using a ghost product or using a sacrificial
lamb so that you can gain the trust faster and so if you feel
uncomfortable about not having the product on your menu then you feel
free to carry a product and never sell it if you feel like it but I
realized quickly that I was never selling it and I was always giving
those ones away and so if you're going to use this tactic my
recommendation is to make the products that you send across the street
to be the ones that are the lowest margin product gain the trust by
giving away the low margin stuff and then keep the high marching stuff
for yourself so that people trust you and then they buy that stuff and
so if you're in an environment where you sell multiple products this has
been the most effective way that I've learned to sell what you want to
do is give someone a vision of what their life's going to be like when
they're experiencing the benefits and so you want to explain to them
exactly how to take it before you make the ass what we would do is say
hey a this one is going

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 to help you do benefit benefit the way
that I need you to take it need you to take it is that you're going to
take two of these in the morning then I ask a question and I'm like what
do you do every day no matter what in the morning do you wake up and
smoke a cigarette do you drink a cup of coffee do you take a shower like
brush your teeth like what's something you do every morning and then
they say well I brush my teeth every morning I'm like cool so I don't
want you to put this in your cupboard because you'll forget about it I
want you to put it next to your toothbrush so we don't have to make a
new habit they're like oh and what I want you to do piece of tape put a
two on it I want you to take two of them we're gonna put an extra
toothbrush got it that's number one I would go through that with each of
the products that I have and I would say okay you can have all these
you're good to go did you just want to use the cards you have on file
now they don't have to take their wallet out they don't have to make
another purchase decision they just have to say yes it's a one-click
upsell that is a combination of a prescriptive clothes and having ghost
products to set up trust you're also being a good coach by showing them
how they're going to make this happen in the rower now this is obviously
a consumption based product any product that you want someone to use
they have to use it at a certain point and and so we want to figure out
ways to

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 associate the usage of the act of the
product with something they're already doing getting someone to make a
new habits incredibly difficult getting someone to break a habit is
incredibly difficult and so we just want to piggyback on habits they
already have and so that makes you both a better salesperson and better
Coach like overall if you're trying to help someone and so that kind of
selling process that set close getting the trust make the prescription
Works unbelievably well and then if for some reason the point person's
like well how much does this cost blah blah blah then you can say well
are you on a budget and if they're like I'm on a budget that's like okay
then would you like me to order these in order of importance and the
things that I think you absolutely need to have versus things that'll
just get you more benefits faster what I would then do is take off one
and say this would be the lowest one I'd remove does this work for you
and if they're like I can't do that I'd be like really getting into the
Bare Bones here I'd be like I could take this one out but like this is
what I want you to add to your diet to replace this thing you don't want
to show that what you took out isn't important because then it looks
like you're selling stuff doesn't matter so like these are ingredients
but you're gonna have to eat a shitload of broccoli now all right so you
okay that you know what I'll just get the thing okay cool now it's back
in

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 hopefully when you're selling something
you're trying to solve a problem if they don't buy the thing then you
reintroduce the problem that you were solving so it's like hey I don't
want you have to eat a pound of broccoli which is why I had this they're
trusting me to make the prescription because that's why they're paying
you for expertise and then you can pause and say well are there things
that are your old identity that you're going to stop doing as a result
of doing this program are you going to go out less you're going to drink
less or you're going to smoke less or you're going to whatever last I'm
like cool well how much of that do you do cool we just found some money
don't worry about it let's associate with these new activities new
identity if this sounds really smooth I've done this a lot of times
you'll get used to it and I think one of the best gifts you can have is
trying to tack yourself into an existing sales process of a big business
so if you work at a business that sells lots of low ticket stuff like
think car washes massage think Nails think hair stuff where they just
see lots of people every day at low tickets see if you can work with a
business owner and incorporate some sort of inject yourself into their
sales process so that you can get rep after rep after rep after rep and
it will teach you more about the

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 skill of selling and dealing with
people than any course ever will and it will equip you for whatever you
want to sell for the rest of your life it's one of the best things I
ever did was do tons and tons of transactions at low tickets so that
when I got to selling higher ticket more expensive stuff I was like oh
my God this is a breeze if you sold Services let's say you sold Web
Design Services and you had like a laundry list of stuff you could say
hey we this is like we can do this but it's not necessarily our core
capability and it would probably cost you more if we did it because we'd
have to allocate more resources so there's guys in the Philippines that
will do it for you I've got a connection I can I can talk to you to
about after this call and if you really want to be sneaky about it if
you're the owner it's harder if you're a salesperson owners tell your
sales people this you can have it seem like they're leaning on their
side of the table to be like hey man like you don't need to worry about
this like just I'll hook you up with a number of a guy and then the
sales person becomes incredibly trusted it becomes like they're on that
side of the table but what the person doesn't know is that they're
trying to sell the other stuff at the end of the day the goal as a
salesperson is to move to their side of the table if you start the
conversation across the table the goal to end shoulder to shoulder so
that

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you're both looking at the decision
together with the same information to make the best decision for the
person and so if you can walk yourself around the table psychologically
this is one of the fastest ways to do it
