https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIC8fYbrkII

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 if you don't know what i'm about to
share with you you're never going to scale your business fundamentally
business is a an action an asset that expands based on multiplication
we're doing the same thing over and over and over again so repetition
and scale are fundamental to how a business grows and so you have to
understand how to scale yourself through others it's taken me a very
long time to understand a very simple concept and i'm going to share it
with you if for some reason in your company right you're not getting the
outcome from the employees that you want then it is one of these three
things that's the issue and i believe that simplicity you know simple
scales fancy fails and so i like to keep my framework simple and the way
that i discovered this was actually through reading andy grove's book
high output management really really highly recommend and he's one of
the all-time best operators you know in of all time he's the goat of
operations and he posited that there's two things fundamentally that
every manager should do and adding one-third uh one one other piece to
this has been my personal experience and so i'm adding

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 these two together if you don't know
who we are my name is oxford mosey i own a portfolio companies that does
uh just under 85 million a year we've done 120 million in the last three
years and i have nothing to sell you so let's rock you into it so how to
scale yourself so the first question that i like to ask myself if
somebody is not doing what i want them to do is do they know what i want
them to do all right which if they don't then it's a function of
communication so if someone doesn't is not doing what i want them to do
the first question i ask is like did you know what i wanted you to do
was it clear and one of the rules that we have is it's not written it
never happened all right so if you're giving a directive to somebody say
hey can you do this for me that's where you follow up with slack or you
fought with a son or you fought with an email because if it doesn't
exist in the digital world it doesn't there's no record of it then it's
like it didn't happen all right and so one of the rules of thumb is if
someone's not doing something the first thing asks is do you know what i
wanted you to do and then did i personally follow up with that via email
slack asana or whatever tools you use to run your business if that's
true if that has happened then i follow to the next thing which is
survey training do they know how to do

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 what i want them to do so they may know
what i want them to do because i communicated adequately i documented it
i put it in asana i put it in an email i put it whatever in slack so
that they knew after the conversation even though i told them that what
i expected them to do and by when right but if they're like i didn't
know how to do it then i would say okay well how can i how can i help
you with this do i need to provide a training for you do i need to buy a
course for you do i need to hop on a call and explain it to you does
another employee need to train you like does your manager need to train
you like what needs to happen here for you to understand how to do what
i want you to do all right so these are the first two levels of scaring
yourself first you have clear understanding of what it is that you want
them to do and i'm telling you this is the framework that i use when i'm
thinking through this stuff like if someone is not executing i just have
to think to myself i always assume it's my fault and then i think okay
well they either just don't know what i want them to do or they don't
know how i want them to do it or which leads me to the third one if they
know what i want them to do and they know how to do it then why aren't
they doing it which comes to motivation right

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 and if they're not motivated then i
have to figure out why now most of the time it comes from a couple of
things and i would say these are the most common ones that i have dealt
with the first is that they don't understand why it's important within
the larger context of the company they just feel like they're a cog
within the business and they don't understand what this contributes to
the business right one of the number one feelings that people or
employees will have is they feel like what their their work doesn't
matter and that's what creates you know meaningless work busy work
people who just try and look busy when they're not actually doing
anything and it's because they don't understand why you even have their
role and that means that a lot of times it's because their manager or
whatever didn't do a good job communicating it was like this is our
function within the business this is what happens if we don't exist this
is what the experience is like if if we do a good job this is what
happens this is the result and just about every function of the business
can be tied uh to how it contributes to the bottom line even if you're a
more support or operations role like i.t if we didn't have you know
information systems we wouldn't know where our tracking is for anything
and we couldn't make good decisions and the business relies on high
quality

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 decisions if we're in marketing we
wouldn't be getting new business in if we're in sales we wouldn't be
transacting if we're in customer service we'd be getting chargebacks and
people wouldn't be happy right we have to tie and make sure that
everyone understands how you contribute to the bottom line why it's
important that's the first level of understanding for motivation here
right the second level is making sure that they're actually bought into
the vision of the company what's the mission what are we trying to
accomplish who are we trying to help what problem the world are we
solving this is something that i've you know i had to learn as our
company scaled is that some of that soft you know woo-woo like whatever
uh culture stuff is actually really important right especially as you
scale because when you scale service especially does anyone know what
the two things that you scale are tell you what they are it's culture
and training that is what happens when you scale decision making right
that is how you scale decision making is culture and training and the
culture is going to come from telling people what they need to do and
why we do it and the training

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 is there to make sure that they know
how to do it when the time comes and they are motivated to do so right
and so you can look at a lot of an employee and figure out if someone's
not doing it sometimes they have two of the three so an employee for
example that knows what to do and is motivated to do it and but not
doing it because they don't know how they'll usually pretend that
they're busy because they're so ashamed of the fact that they don't know
what they're doing but they really like love the company and want to
help right but a lot of times people don't advocate for themselves and
so we have to make sure they know how now for example an employee who uh
is motivated and has the training but doesn't know what you want them to
do a lot of times it's just paralyzed or starts executing on things that
are not relevant i've had this happen so many times it like drives me
nuts someone's someone knows who knows how to do what we want them to do
and they know why it's important but they're executing on things that
are not priorities so they start doing extra work because they're
motivated and they know how to do stuff that's valuable but it's not
contributing to anything that's moving the company forward right they're
not doing they're not executing things in alignment with where we're
going as a company right and then the third combination

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 would be somebody who knows what to do
and they know how to do it but they're not motivated and this is
typically i would say the the worst scenario which is where somebody
just feels worthless and so these people tend to check out they're not
working they're trying to avoid confrontation as much as possible and
usually they're probably looking for other jobs and so for me i try to
think most of the times they're not going to have none of them right
they're going to have one or two of these things hopefully right it's
not like they don't know what to do they don't know how to do it they
don't know why they're even there i've had it happen and it's horrible
but like most times there's two of the three that are there and you just
have to figure out which of the other three is missing and that is
ultimately how you can scale decision making and scale yourself within
the company that is how you scale companies i hope you found this
valuable click subscribe use this framework when you're not getting what
you want from your team think about one it's my fault two which of these
three things missing and how can i solve it keep being awesome the
reason i made this channel is because a lot of people are broke and i
don't want you to be one of them hit subscribe and i'll see you next
video
