https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDkiAxSd5Ms

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to give you
three ways to guarantee that people do not do what you want them to do
especially employees in a business every one of us every day has tried
to influence people internally in the business to do things that we want
them to do we try to influence them with money we try to influence them
with praise and accolades with a big vision so that they get internally
motivated to do the stuff but some people don't do it and so in this
video what i want to do is break down the three best ways to guarantee
that no one does what you want them to do you can take this process and
you can reverse it if you want them to do what you want them to do but
if we think about the things that we can do to get them to not want to
do what we want them to do then it's much funnier from the top the
easiest way to make sure that they do not do what you want them to do is
don't tell them don't communicate the expectation don't even let them
know that you want them to do it if you even do let them know that you
want to do it make sure you don't record it because if you just say it
in passing or say it on a conversation or a zoom call and it's not
written anywhere you can still virtually guarantee that they're not
going to do it especially if you don't repeat it don't ask about it
frequently one line item on a quarterly report that happens versus you
checking in twice a day about a statistic like if you do that they're
definitely gonna think it's important so don't do that just trying to
ask for it as

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 infrequently as possible even so not
even give them the metric to track so that's number one number two is
make sure they don't know how to do it so if you want them to do
something give them the task that's clearly communicated you repeated it
you did it in a recorded fashion you do it frequently in terms of how
frequently asked them but then just make sure they don't know how to do
it it's the best way to set them up to fail don't train them around what
you want them to do in general don't train them on how to prioritize
their time so that they can get it done given their workload and then
also make sure that you don't tell them how you specifically like it
done because everybody has preferences right just make sure you don't
train them on any of those things first two items in the triangle alex
is how to make sure people don't do what you want them to do triangle
the third piece of this triangle all right this is this is a killer
motivation we want to make sure that they are as unmotivated as humanly
possible and maybe even ideally motivated or incentivized to not do it a
couple ways you can do that is one don't pay them or directly compensate
them for doing it number two you want the work to feel as pointless as
possible you want them to feel like they're digging a hole only to push
the dirt back in at the end of the

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 day and then have no one there to even
see that they did it you want to definitely not praise them for digging
a good hole and then not actually show them that that hole is how you
lay pipe how you lay electrical lines to turn a building on geez i'm
just i'm just killing it right now you don't want to show how it
benefits other people that they care about within the company so for
example if i said hey john i need you to put the call notes in from your
sales call because susie in finance it makes her life five times harder
to have to go through all this stuff and she can't be with her kid
because she's working overtime taking all these calls trying to glean
all this data going through customer support logs to fill in the blanks
that you could do in five minutes and i know that you're the type of
person so we went from purpose other people they care about so now we're
gonna talk about their own self-interest which is like i know you're the
type of person who is honest right of course well you wouldn't promise
something that's not real right okay well what you're doing right now
you might not know it is that you're not giving us the notes to actually
fulfill the promises you're making so i peel the values and then you can
also appeal to self-interest in the most tangible way you make more
money by doing this when you do this thing it actually helps us

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 sort through the applications so you
can close a higher percentage of people at higher prices so you make
more money per hour if you take these five minutes does that make sense
cool and on top of that there's a little nugget on your bonuses
according to making sure that you fill out call notes for over 95 of
sales calls if we did that we'd have a high likelihood that they would
do it so you want to reverse that whole equation when you're thinking
about having a lens through which to have the conversation with somebody
who's not doing the things that you want them to do this is how i would
approach it this is the scripting i got this from layla all kudos go to
her she has a great youtube channel you should check it out is say hey
johnny it's not like you to not attend to the details is it that you
didn't know you don't know how or is it that you don't want to one we
protected the person's ego because we said it's not like you so i'm not
attacking you i'm attacking the activity it's this tiny little shift
that makes this conversation so much easier then you give them a context
through which that they can reply is it that you didn't know i didn't
tell you i didn't record it i didn't talk about it frequently and i
didn't give you the metrics is that what it is or is it that
training-wise i didn't train you on how to do it how i want you to do it
and how to do it within the context of your larger workload or is it the
things that i just covered with motivation motivation and training i
stole from andy grove ruthlessly the founder of intel and he

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 wrote a book called high output
management recommended a little bit advanced and in that book he says
the job of the boss is two things to motivate and train in his mind he
said either someone doesn't want to do it or they don't know how to do
it i add in the third piece which is that they didn't know that you
wanted to to begin with which i think happens a lot and so that has
given birth to the acquisition triangle of how to get people to not do
the things that you want them to do on the flip side you can reverse
those things and make sure that you set expectations you record it you
talk about it frequently you give them the metrics to talk about it
about train them on how to do it you train them how you prefer they do
it and then you train them on how to do it within the context of the
larger workload they have and then you motivate them from a global level
of how this feeds the business the other people that care about
employees on how it impacts their life in a railway how it's going to
help the customer and their experience from a values perspective you are
this way and by doing this you are aligning with these values that are
true to you and then finally you will align to their pocketbook hey and
if you do these things you can get a 500 bonus right or a thousand
orders whatever it is keeping awesome mozy nation i love you all don't
deserve you keep being great see in the next one bye
