https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lA\_A8BGRRs

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video I get really in depth on
the actual scaling of a sales team process the training process the
onboarding process the management process Etc so that you can scale
sales within your organizations the interview process what we're testing
for is the speed of response you can test work ethic by how quickly they
get back to you because you are a lead to them number two somebody who's
intelligent so if somebody sounds like an idiot then it's the impression
that they're going to be giving of your brand the next one is you want
somebody who can listen so someone's dominating the conversation they're
talking they're you know motor mouthing it's not a good idea you want
somebody who's kind of an ambivert somebody you can listen and can talk
when it's time and socially aware you want someone who's coachable and
so you can measure coachability by saying Hey I want you to role play
with me in this situation and you just give them a little bit of context
I don't care about how well you sell me I just want to hear you talk
through things and then what you'll do is you'll give them feedback and
then ask them to try again now if someone can take the feedback without
an ego then you have somebody who's coachable and if they make
Improvement on the second try then you know that they can improve if
someone is not coachable and they do not take feedback well you can
already know way ahead of time that they're going to be terrible fit for
the team now at this point they have to transition their general
knowledge of sales to your specific product or service now I think one
of the things that's overemphasized is proud technology which
underemphasized

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 is Prospect knowledge what we should be
focusing on is who are we selling to more than what are we selling
because who matters more in the sale the person the product the person
right so we want to understand their problems so in depth because if you
can explain to somebody exactly the problem that they're going through
they will buy whatever you have because they will believe that you so
intrinsically understand what they're going through once we've decided
to hire this person I like to have a 14 day onboarding period what is
covered in the onboarding period is that we want them to listen to sales
calls that are good now if you don't have any sales calls that are good
like I would recommend you go and sell and do it well and then record
those calls and have them listen to it you want them to be bathing in
good sales all they're doing all day long is listening to sales calls
listening to sales calls listening sales calls and you can see if they
watched it based on most software once they've watched let's say about
40 different sales calls they're gonna have a pretty good idea now in
between those watchings you want them to work on the script the script
should be in my opinion a question based framework it's a framework of
questions that lead someone naturally to the conclusion when I review
the salesforcement portfolio companies when they're trying to improve
there wasn't a core decision that was articulated the sales people in
general would multiple times throughout the sales say do you have any
questions for

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 me do you have any questions for me and
that's an indication that the salesperson doesn't know how to close
clearly not following the script because you're not asking the prospect
to come with more reasons to not buy right you're asking them to make a
decision it's going to be very clear at the beginning of the call which
is clarifying why we're here and then labeling them with the problem so
that's the closer primary clarify why they're there label them with a
problem overview their past experiences and pains once you have that
you've gathered enough info you say cool I think you'd be a good fit can
I tell you about it you get invited to sell which is the S and then you
explain in very short analogies why you think you're going to be able to
solve two to three of the problems that they explained and then you ask
for the sale and then enr are explaining what their concerns and then
reinforce the decisions and so once we have a script do you want to boil
down the decision to the most basic unit possible and the reason you
have to do that thinking is because you don't want them to try and think
about what the decision is you want to give them the decision that they
have to make by the end of the call and so if you're selling a B2B
service it would be like the decision we have to make is whether you're
going to make more money on your own than you will with us in excess of
our thing what most people do is they just talk for 30 minutes and then
they just present the price and they just don't have any structure of
the conversation and they don't actually do any fact finding they

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 go on off all of these all these
changes why are you here what is your problem what have you tried to
solve here's how I think we can help you given what you just said to
make this one decision which is can we help you more than you could on
your own yes or no fantastic close that's it once we've clarified what
that scripting needs to look like and that's big picture there's
obviously wording but for the sake of this video I want to talk bigger
picture so once you have that and this person is watched themselves in
sales they're studying the script what you want to do is you want to
role play with them you want to role play with them every morning during
that process so they get better at it once they pass the role play test
right and if you're like whoa that sounds like a lot of work well it is
a lot of work to build a great sales team once they sell you on them
being able to have this sales conversation then you put them on the
floor on a half schedule you're not going to give them a full schedule
because you want them to blow through a ton of leads you give them a
half schedule the second half their day they're still reviewing the
calls they had and then you're still meeting with them twice a day
beginning of the day and a day the second week of this training when
you're reviewing the sales costs with them they now have fresh ones that
they went through that you're going to give them feedback on here's how
you have these meetings when you do sales manager meetings you're
communicating the goals which in sales is usually pretty sure
straightforward you're

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 making sure they're motivated and
you're training them that is the point of the job you motivate and you
train as long as they're clear on what their kpis are 30 minutes before
the call that you have with the new trainee you listen to one or two of
their sales calls at 2x you know speed take written notes of all the
things that you would want to improve when you get on the call with them
which should happen immediately afterwards because it's going to be
fresh in your mind you then look at your notes and then you want to bold
or prioritize one to two highest impact things that they can do now
there's probably a hundred things they're doing wrong but you just want
to start with the highest impact things and then you give them those
things and it takes about five minutes to communicate that 30 minutes to
review and write the notes five minutes to communicate the thing that
the one to two highest leverage things that they can do to improve and
then 25 minutes where you role play again with them with the new changes
and then they go back the next day they do more calls you listen to see
if they did the thing they didn't do the thing roll play again the next
day you listen to recordings now maybe they got it right you say hey
keep doing that you're getting better now let's also do this thing when
someone says I got to think about it when someone says I have to talk to
my spouse or when someone says that's a lot of money let's drill this
overcome this is what I need you to say you have to Flex

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 that muscle as many times you can get
those reps in within that 25 minute period And so as you're scaling a
sales team you need to do that with all of the Reps that is what Sales
Management is it's not just like sitting there having one weekly meeting
and checking in on people and asking them what their pipelines at you
need to be reviewing sales calls with written notes prioritizing where
they can improve the most and then communicating and drilling them on
those things maintaining the culture of the team through three things
one is having a leaderboard that is Visual and up to date at all times
sales people are competitive you want to Foster that competition number
two is that you want to have clear kpis and some sort of bonus and we
like every 30 days to 42 days every four to six weeks having some sort
of big little thing that they can brag about winning some sort of sales
competition of the different objectives that we have optimized for the
one that has worked best for all of our portfolio companies is
optimizing for cash up front there's three things one is the leaderboard
two is the kpi in competition and the three is that you have to cut the
bottom 10 on a quarterly basis if you're not cutting you're
communicating with the team that's okay to suck and it will drag down
the culture of the team and so the job of the manager besides training
is

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 motivation motivation comes from
culture and the standards that we set for ourselves and what you agree
to tolerate and so fundamentally Sales Management is a skill of
Tolerance is the person who tolerates the most is the one who has the
weakest team you can tell the difference between the winning teams and
losing teams usually by the coach how can you have one coach go from a
losing team in the NFL to almost undefeated team in one year because of
the leadership because of the culture because of the Mojo because we say
we no longer tolerate these things like if you want to be here this is a
world-class sales organization and if you are on this team it means that
you're agreeing to them there was a time a few years back where our
sales team got a little bit bloated got a little bit fat and so I ended
up cutting more than half the team and then I had a meeting with
everybody afterwards and I wanted to reset the tone and I was like guys
if you're here it's because a we value and we think that you're solid
but B is because we think that you're going to buy into the vision of
what we will have for the future which is we want to build a world-class
sales organization and if you want to stay on this team then it means
that you're agreeing to that and I don't want to say that you're
inherently agreeing to that I want to let you guys sleep on it because
tomorrow if you want to quit that's fine you just let me know in the
morning no harm to foul I'd rather you just tell me because what we're
going going to go through is going

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 to be a significant change and so if
you're a sales manager coming into an organization you say these are the
new standards of what we will do I expect you to all attend our 5 a.m
training for an hour where we drill together I expect you to show up on
time to every single call I expect you to clean your pipelines every
single day and that you put the call notes in the CRM as required if you
do not do those things even if you're the best closer on the team I will
fire you are we clear and the reason I do that is because I want the
culture of this team to be one of excellence in everything we do because
if it's worth doing it's worth doing well and so you have to set that
tone on the team to get them to want to raise up and that's where the
leadership of sales manager is so important as a side note I have rarely
found that the best salesperson is the best sales manager sales managers
tend to be more giving in general and more stable as people there's less
emotional highs and lows they are more even they need to be the rock of
the team that people look up to no one respects a sales manager who says
do all these things and doesn't do it themselves and so they have to
emulate or exemplify what work ethic looks like what following through
looks like which finishing your checklist every day looks

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 like being first to show up for the
meeting in the morning before everyone else does like you have to lead
by example the last piece I want to hit on here is the Cadence which is
what frequency are we talking to our sales people the first 14 days
you're going to be talking to that person once or twice a day when
they're getting onboarded once they get out of that training wheels
period which is the half week if they meet the quota which is the
minimum allowable close rate or whatever metric you want to use then
they can get a full schedule once on the full schedule they're still
kept on that and everyone understands that if you drop below kpi for two
weeks you go on a pip which is a performance Improvement plan which
means you go basically regress back to being a trainee which means I now
have to train you the way we were and I'm going to take even more
attention to fixing your calls and getting you back on track if after
the next two weeks you still haven't improved you're all that's the name
now when you hire people you also set that expectation this is how this
works this is a dangerous place to work we do that because we expect
Excellence you want them to be fired up they'll be like let's go the
Cadence after you've graduated someone from trainee to full time is you
would meet with them on a weekly basis and then maybe after a year every
other week if they're just killing it but most times most sales people
meet on every basis just to clean

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 the engine check in on things give
them a couple of tidbits hear them out Etc the structure of those calls
already outlined in terms of how you give feedback that same feedback
structure applies to all of the existing guys too which is an hour per
guy per week is for the sales management and so you take 60 to here
maybe two calls because you can listen to it on faster rate and then you
can have your written feedback and after you have the call with them you
want to message them or email them the Salient blocks and if you're an
organized person which I recommend you be if you're a manager I like
having a tab of all my sales guys and having the things that I want them
to work on each week so that I can just date it and say like last Monday
I said these two things come back this Monday and so when I'm reviewing
it the next week I'm saying this is the two things I tell them to work
on did they improve it yes no cool when I come back to that call I'm
like hey we said these two things did you do it did it results in you
making more deals awesome cool big meeting Cadence you've got your
weeklies you've got your monthlies you've got your one-on-ones that
happen on a weekly basis or more frequently if they're on a performance
plan or a trainee and then you have as a team daily huddle end of day
huddle the end of day is a short just like hey how's everyone doing
checking in cool awesome make sure you clean your pipelines Etc

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 the early morning one is a training if
you want you can make it optional and if you're on a performance plan or
you're a trainee it's mandatory with the right culture teams most guys
always attend that's the overarching structure for scaling a sales team
in an organization the only other thing that can happen is that they
will lose conviction that's when sales can get cold the things that keep
people motivated are the competitions because that keeps things fresh
because it's a very repetitive job but also reading testimonials of
clients they recently sold and the results that they're experiencing and
you do that so that they feel like they're good guys because a lot of
times sales can feel very hunt and kill but you want to sell from a
place of empathy genuine empathy not nice guy but like I really want to
help you which means you need to make a decision and that's what like
I'm not going to let you hide in your excuses again because I really am
trying to help you not say I am because I've seen guys just like you
change their lives by doing this and I know you're just putting up and
you're afraid and that's okay because we're going to help you you have
to have somebody who who's willing to push through the know because they
believe in the product and the transformation the other person is going
to experience not because they have their ego tied into it and they want
to close the sale to be number one

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 you get there backwards and you do
that by having people who were clients hop on a sales call and talk
about their experience the second best thing is to watch videos of
testimonials with the team before you start the day in the early morning
huddle and then the third is just just read them out loud yourself and
ideally what you want is if you're going to read them out loud have the
guy who sold the person read the testimonial because then it'll double
down on their conviction
