https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmDv6-651SM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i want to talk about why
you're probably not closing as many sales as you hope you are now
there's a lot of opponents components to closing deals right you have
the actual offer itself price point the prospect the process they went
through so i actually think there's five p's in in that have to happen
and be in alignment prior to the sale so the first is the promotion for
the right prospect at the right price for the right product following
the right process right those are the five fees that i think through
when i'm looking at an entire sales pipeline but what i want to talk
about specifically today is why even if you're following those things
correctly and you're getting on the phone you have a script that you
know works or your team has a script that you you wrote out because you
know it works right if they're not closing then it means that they may
be saying the right things but they may be saying it the wrong way and
so there's two components to saying the right things the right way all
right so one is tone and the second is um is cadence right it's emphasis
and so i want to give you an example of both of those things so for
example if i were to um give you a script like you know jerry seinfeld's
uh comedy script and

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 you were to get on stage and you were
trying to deliver that right the tone the pauses that you would have
would not be the same as his right his intonations would be different
than yours are and so as a result he would be funny and you would not be
and you'd be wondering like will this work for jerry why is it not
working for me and so just like that you may be looking at your team and
wondering like well this works for me why is it not working for them and
you're looking and they're saying the words but you're like why is this
not working it's because they're saying them the wrong way and so let me
illustrate this in a different way so if i were to say my own name so if
layla my wife calls me and she says alex right or alex or alex right all
three of those are just my name right said differently have different
meanings i'll give you another example i got this from jason flatland i
love this i didn't say he hit his wife i didn't say he hit his wife i
didn't say he hit his wife i didn't say he hit his wife i didn't say he
hit his wife i didn't say he hit his wife i didn't say he hit his wife
right and so each of those sentences has different meaning right because
of the

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 emphasis that we put on the words and
so just like both so one is you have the tone that you're using the
pauses where you put emphasis right and then you have how you're saying
the words and so what happens is you have somebody who's reading a
script but they aren't reading it the right way there's two ways to fix
this right one of them is to become a master salesman right and learn
how to control your tone right learn when to lower your voice so that
what you're saying shows the prospect that it's really important right
so i'm slowing down what i'm saying i'm lowering my tone so that you
know that you need to pay attention to what i'm saying whereas if i'm
really excited i'm talking about all this stuff that's really exciting
and we're like we're all we're all fast-paced we're all up here right
then that's gonna it's gonna communicate something different even if
we're both saying the same words and so one of those things happens from
repetition right you learn you start to learn this stuff because you're
like man i nailed that sale what did i do right and so one of my side
note recommendations for everyone is everyone here hopefully has been on
a hot trick at some point like there's some days you get on the phone
you're like man i can just close anyone right now when you are hot

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 those are the videos you should watch
that's the game take footage that you should go over and over and over
again like in the beginning you might not have that you have to watch
other people's stuff but when you're hot you say things differently you
pause at different points and it's those micro nuances that create
master salesman and the true master salesman right the difference
between a 250 batter and a 300 batter right for a baseball analogy it's
like one one hit every two or three games right it's not a huge
difference but that's the difference between a master salesman and a
porsche an average salesman is that great salesmen never get cold they
are always on a hot streak because they know how to recreate success and
it's because they know how to say the things the right way for the right
prospect and so to wrap this up for you if you have your sales team
right the easiest tactic is to get them to a watch the footage of
themselves when they were hot and if they haven't watch other people who
were hot and what they were saying at that point because there were
minor ways and tonality and shifts and pauses that you will do when you
are assuming the close

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 the right way when you're projecting
the confidence when you have the conviction that communicates
differently let me give you a fun tip that i found like we always close
the highest percentage on our on our deals when we had people finishing
our program right because on the days that we would finish our cohorts
our groups of clients we'd have all these success stories that would go
again after another after another after another we did all these
interviews on one day and so my sales team would watch this happen and
then they would get on the phones and they would be so convicted about
what they were selling and so this leads into the two ways that you can
fix this right so number one is you become a master salesman you become
a master salesman through repetition and through studying gamete footage
which is the first thing i said the second way and the faster way of
doing this is to believe in what you sell this is hard i'll be real with
you right this is this is hard for a lot of people especially if you're
a business owner because you know all the problems in your business
there are always going to be problems and those aren't going to go away
and so one of the things that i have i have hacked in my own mind is is
asking two other questions which is i will never have a perfect product
and i'll tell you that right now but i can have perfect intentions right
and so

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 that is something that you can
delineate for yourself number one and you know your intentions so if
your intentions aren't perfect then you can fix those and you can have
perfect intentions right but your product will never be because can
always improve right the second thing in terms of improving it is
knowing that the prospect will be better served working with you than
with anyone else and so that is something that i have i have looked at
and so this is easier for somebody who's getting into a marketplace and
you can see the other competitors that are there you may not be perfect
but you can believe that you're the absolute best shot that this person
has to be successful and this is especially true if you have some sort
of education or training type business where someone is required to do
something so like if you were if you're helping someone with life
coaching you're helping someone with weight loss you're helping someone
with with their business like these are all skills that they have to
develop you cannot eat the food for someone you cannot do the push-ups
for someone you cannot hop on the sales call for them they have to learn
the skill which means that you can provide something but they also have
to come the other half the half the distance right and so the way to
continue to have that conviction is one

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 recognize your intentions if you can
fix your intentions to know that your intentions are perfect then that
is going to be a huge step forward that you'll have over your
competition because then it will force you it will cause you to say the
things the right way because people can feel conviction they can feel
the subtle nuances of how you communicate and they will choose to
believe you not based on what you say but on how you say it and the
second way is by making sure that your product is the best and that it
is the best shot that this person has you can't say i guarantee that
you're going to lose weight i can't say i'll guarantee that you're going
to make more money because you can't because you can't control the
variables but you can guarantee that you will be the best shot that this
person has at being successful and so for me cracking that code uh
mentally helped me a lot especially in in weight loss sales when i was
starting out right because i would have someone in and i knew the stats
i knew that in six months you know half the people who were signing up
weren't going to be at the gym i knew that right but the thing is is i
can't look at someone and say like well you know what maybe maybe they
shouldn't sign up because i mean half the people aren't gonna aren't
gonna show up you know within six months but instead i was able to shift
and this was something i

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 had to learn that i'm still the best
shot this person has at getting where they want to go right they're
still going to have to do stuff on their part but i know with conviction
that my intentions are perfect and that i am the best shot they have at
getting where they want to go and that is the conviction that i can
stand on that i can look someone in the eyes through their soul and tell
them that i were the best shot for them to be successful and that is how
you can change the way you speak so you can speak with conviction to a
prospect and that is what i found and so hopefully you find this
valuable if you are not selling or your team is not selling the way you
want it it's not necessarily because the words you are saying sure it's
all the other things that i said the promotion the offer that you're
running right the the process that you're taking them through the price
that you're selling it uh who you are selling to the prospect themselves
all of those things are gonna be things that are gonna weigh into
whether or not it's successful but once you are actually on the phone
with the person fundamentally a sale is simply a transfer of belief and
if you do not believe then you cannot transfer that belief and the way
that you communicate belief is not in what you say but how you say it
and so hopefully that was valuable for you if you like this stuff click
subscribe my name is alex ramose i have a portfolio of companies that
does 85 million a year in revenue and i have absolutely nothing to sell
you i hope

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you found value this click subscribe
i'll see in the next vid bye
