https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cX7cCA3Be8A

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 mozi nation what it do the number one
question that i continue to get on instagram and on this channel is what
are the habits that created some of the success we have and so in this
video i want to walk you through the four highest roi habits uh that
have viewed outsized returns if you don't know who i am or have him into
this channel my name is alex ramose i own acquisition.com we do about 85
million a year it's a portfolio company and i have nothing to sell you
the reason i make this channel is because a lot of people are broke and
i don't want you to be one of them and of the videos that i've made this
one is actually from the past i had a private community that i um used
to just put videos in for fun over the last five years over 300 of them
and this video was one of the top one person videos and so i wanted to
share with you guys publicly enjoy good morning everyone hope you guys
are having a fantastic amazing tremendous thursday i wanted to make a
quick uh video for you i actually woke up with this on my mind and i
thought i would share it and so i'm calling this my four highest roi
habits and i know i probably should say three because three is probably
a better number before was what i was really thinking about these are
the things that were learned behaviors

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 that i think if i look back on
behaviors that have been able that have propelled us forward faster
these are the four things that have done that the first one is waking up
at 4 00 a.m and it kind of goes hand in hand with the second habits i'll
kind of put these together which is consistent bedtimes and that
includes weekends so basically consistent time going to bed and
consistent time waking up and i know that sounds minor but a lot of
times and for a long period of my life i would wake up early five days a
week and then on weekends i would sleep in and i'd go to bed late
because i was like i'm living on the weekends and during the week i'm
working and i did that for a long period of time the thing is is like
your body doesn't work that way i think there's the consistency in the
most basic way is literally going to bed at the same time weekend and
weekday and waking up at the same time week and and weekday i know this
sounds really minor but like especially that 4 a.m wake up time like us
as entrepreneurs like we're i think we're a little bit more reactive
than most people are from an emotional standpoint uh like i think we're
also a

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 little bit more scattered by nature i
don't like to speak that over myself but i think that that's like our
intrinsic programming and then we can work away from that that's why
control i talk so much about controlling your space controlling your
attention is that like we're so much more prone to reactivity um which
is also why we want to solve problems faster because we're more
uncomfortable than any of everyone else's which is why we naturally move
towards problem solving right and so waking up at 4am allows me to get
all of my self-work done in the morning and still have two three four
five sometimes dedicated hours to moving the big dominoes forward the
big projects that are going to make massive impact in the business and
are working on the business not in it basically once i hit you know 9 00
a.m 9 30 a.m i would love to tell you that like oh i have i have four
hours of ceo time in the middle of the day that everyone knows that i
can't be reached the problem is that like you know if you have a lawyer
call come in because we have some you know

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 thing or whatever like i'm gonna take
the call if we have a personnel issue where someone's like going nuts
you know what i mean like i'm going to take the call and so like it's it
sure would sound nice to say like yeah i mean we're so disciplined at
jim lunch that alex never gets you know brought in anything and to be
fair the team is awesome and like i really don't get brought into a lot
of stuff but the thing is it's like my attention still gets pulled
during the day um once everyone else is kind of up but from like four
o'clock to nine o'clock is like my time and that's where i really move
like all of these big projects forward and that's why i like like how
you get so much done so fast is like i just think most people don't get
very much done during their days at all um because they're working in
their business not on it and so we just move we just are able to do a
lot of things on the business which then accelerates the entire growth
of the business because these are like like the the bricks that you lay
on the business are the ones that accelerate growth the things you do in
the business is kind of like one is investment one is uh what is
spending cash you know what i mean like an expense of time is how

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 you're running your business an
investment of time is what's going to move the entire business forward
and so it's like are you are you putting investment time in and so for
me 4 am to like nine is like that time period the two first success like
i'm gonna say success habits because that sounds lame but like basically
the habits that have gotten me that have made me the most money waking
up at 4 a.m and that is enabled by uh going to bed consistently at the
same time on weekdays and weekends it's just like you can't wake up at
nine two days a week and then wake up five hours earlier and expect to
be like a productive individual it's just not gonna happen so like i
would implore you to just like i mean and we're like what about like
concerts and like things that are like it's going out with people like
there's a reason entrepreneurs live the way they do like really
high-level entrepreneurs live a certain way and it is a sacrifice i mean
if you see it that way it is a choice and so like i choose that life and
that's the life that i choose you don't have to choose that

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 just understand like you're going to
like that's your trade-off like and for me going out to dinner at 7 30
on friday is not important to me um i'd rather go like all of my friends
who are here in austin know that like if they're gonna go out with alex
and layla we're going to dinner at 5 45 so that we like get there we're
seated we get certain like we're eating by 6 15 and we can leave by
seven drive home by 7 30 and then we can wind down right like they know
that going into it it's just like if you don't want to play that then
like that's cool and it means that like our relationship isn't valuable
enough for you to eat dinner earlier and that's fine you know what i
mean most people are game to do that and they're like you know it's so
nice being able to get back at eight and like not ruin your routine i'm
like yeah it's awesome like that's why we do it so uh first two waking
up early and then consistent bedtimes uh on the weekends especially the
next one is this is a little bit different this is something that layla
has told me has been like one of the things that she observed early on
in our relationship before she like knew me as her husband

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 but like just the guy that she thought
was doing things i jin this man it sounds kind of weird saying it but
like this was her observation that she thought i should bring up in this
was that like genuinely trying to give to other people in your network
without expectation i've always been voted like into like president and
leadership positions and like every organized like when i was in high
school i was a newspaper and president of the um literary magazine uh
when i went to college i was president uh you know vp of the
powerlifting team and president of the uh of the fraternity i was in
like it's like you know me like continues on and the thing is like most
people think about leadership is that like i have to be the big boss man
it doesn't work that way for those who ever studied it it's like the
people who get voted into power are the people that that uh like it's
funny people always think like the president fraternity is the one
that's like the biggest rager but the person that they want to vote into
president is the one who's going to take the punch ball away to make
sure that like when the party is getting going to make sure that like we
don't get arrested and like you know things happen the way they're
supposed to and it's and it comes from a

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 place of service like cern it's
literally just giving without expectation um and that comes to clients
and a lot of times like i would say some of the highest roi givings that
i've done have been to people in my network where they're like hey man
do you know anything about this and then i will go the extra mile to
connect them with not one person but like four people do some initial
screening myself and say hey man like this is what i saw this is what it
looks like here's two people that i think might be able to help you and
then this is my experience with it and they're like holy \[ \_\_ \] like
thank you that's like awesome and then what happens is like you actually
form a much better relationship because they're like wow this person
like really cared right and then also in the future if i say like hey
man do you know anything about this then they return the favor right and
so um layla jokes about she's like you have so many favors that you like
have uncalled upon like so many ious just like i feel like whenever we
need

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 something like you like you have three
people you can call who immediately jump to help you and the only reason
that happens is because i jump to help them with nothing like ex like
expecting nothing back but just because i know that like long term they
may have something or know someone who and it's not because of that it's
just like and that's why it's like sort of a nature nurture you know
whatever but i can tell you like if you can help people you will get
more back and your reputation will also follow from that so those are
probably the three biggest uh roi habits uh the fourth one is what
likely leila said that i should i should mention uh well she's like you
should say something about sales i joked back where i was like i think
that's more of a skill set and not not not a habit not a behavior if
there were to be a habit that would be associated with that it's jumping
into a skill that you are not good at with the expectation that my first
20 hours i expect zero return on and so like if you can look at new
skills that you are not good at or do not like we always have this
discomfort

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 without acquiring new skills uh like
let's say i don't know how to run facebook ads i don't know how to make
a landing page i don't know how to manage a team whatever it is right
like you're going to suck for a while i think if you can remove the
emotional blockage that stops you from taking action because most of us
don't like start that new thing because we're afraid of sucking like
just being real like we're emotionally afraid of sucking at it and so if
you think to yourself i'm gonna get zero roi for my first 20 hours
ironically the first 20 hours is where you get like 70 of your gains in
any new skill and then like everything after like hour number 20 is like
massive diminishing returns that happens after that right and so like if
you just jump into it with zero expectations for first 20 hours you'd be
amazed at like like how many people here if they actually tried like
those who are on here were like man i really need to learn how to market
if you google how to run a facebook ad and you spend 20 hours watching
videos on how to do it you will be better than

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 99 of people who try and market
because no one does anything like seriously like no one does anything
and like most people suck at most things including the things they think
they're good at right and those ones they ultimately usually aren't that
good at either it's because they're pride because they associate the
fact that they're good at it uh and then they stop learning because they
think they are good because of their ego and so um that's actually what
the fourth one was going to be i was like i know she said sales so i
think that the fourth the fourth habit is absolute um responsibility for
all situations it's absolute ownership of your life um if anything
happens at any time in my relationship with layla with my relationship
with an employee with my relationship with the marketplace whatever it
is you have to school yourself and literally beat the victim out of
yourself like you have to like you have to drag it and beat the crap out
of it until it has no strength in your life saying like i'm going to
blame my circumstances i'm going to blame my

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 past i'm going to blame my upbringing
i'm going to blame my spouse i'm going to blame my employees whatever it
is it does not move you forward if you point the finger anywhere but
yourself because then it literally gives the power away to the to where
you're pointing your finger you're saying i want the power to be away
from me like i want the power to be away from me and then i'm talking to
my clients too like if you ever blame jim lunch and like i will take
complete and extreme ownership over all of your situations because that
is my job but if you want to grow as an entrepreneur you should take
extreme ownership and and put nothing on our business and i'm talking to
you like person to person right like i will always try and over deliver
always but the point is is like if we're talking about like my four
highest roi habits first one is waking up super early so that i can have
time to dedicate to big dominoes the second one is so that i can have
consistency in my life and weekdays and weekends are the same to me so
waking up and going to bed at the same time so that i have consistency
in the most basic way the third i totally forgot uh what it was but it
was i think it was good and then the fourth is uh absolute

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 oh yeah uh giving first without any
any uh feelings of reciprocity and then the fourth is absolute ownership
and i think that of all the habits that i've had to learn in my life
because each one of those was learned like i was not an early riser um i
did for a very long time like having different weekend schedules than
weekday schedules from like a sleeping standpoint etc to be fair of all
of these i think the one that i that that came most nationally to me was
the third one which is giving first um and i think that company honestly
from a place of insecurity is like i wanted everyone to like me and so
like if i get into a new group a new networking group like i spend a lot
of time typically asking people what they're struggling with and like
what skills i have that match up with their deficits and then doing
everything i can to over deliver to them and like like treat them as
though they paid me um to help them and then they're like dude this
guy's amazing um and and then i feel like my anxiety goes down inside of
a network group so that might just be a me thing

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 but it has been something that has um
i've been able to drive a lot of value from a monetary standpoint later
on in my life by being able to call on people who i had to unfavor
stupid paths and then the fourth is literally never giving anyone power
over your situation by saying it's anyone's fault but your own and um i
will leave with i've said this before but one of my favorite quotes is
that we are all self-made only millionaires and billionaires uh own it
and so uh like everyone's like he's a self-made millionaire is a
self-made billionaire it's like that person is a self-made homeless
person that person's a self-made average person like but they don't own
that and there's a reason for it no one says it because the type of
person who's going to say that they're self-made is going to have the
habits and the outlooks that is going to achieve the things that they
want and so um i will leave you with that as my four highest roi habits
if you have a manager or trainer or a partner or whatever i would highly
highly recommend

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 especially the first two they're the
easiest things in the world to do get your bio clock like regular like
you show up as a leader better you have more energy you have more focus
people like you get so much stuff done it's like because i'm not \[ \_\_
\] exhausted all the time but like excuse me like i'm just not tired you
know what i mean and so i can like work and get things done that are
productive and effective uses of time because i'm just not exhausted and
so like imagine if you like felt good all the time like you can do that
it just comes from consistently going to bed at the same time dr cashy
i'll say one more thing dr cashy um jokes that so he's a my phd buddy
who made all prestige labs and is a nutrition genius phd by 21 in
biochemistry blah blah anyways he's like people just people just pay me
to tell them to do things that they should already know how to do he's
like i tell them to not eat like an \[ \_\_ \] and i tell them to act
like an adult and go to bed on time they're like man

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 like how do i how do i have more
energy i've got all like i've i've taken all these stimulants and
they're not working he's like why don't you try sleeping and then people
sleep and then they get like they're like oh my god this changed my life
i was like yeah like amazing it's like so i tell them to like eat
consistently every day the same thing just eat consistently i don't even
tell them what to eat and then all of a sudden they start getting
healthy because they're just consistent with something right it doesn't
matter what you're consistent with half the time being consistent is in
and of itself something that most humans can't do so um i hope uh this
provided value to you i said this on my instagram post today i kind of
like it um may your desire be greater than your obstacles so lots of
love everyone hope you guys have an amazing day and you crush your goals
uh try out some of those uh habits try out some of those sevens i think
that they are very high roi habits and i think that if you do them um
your life will improve so have an amazing day catch you soon
