https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iHzbqKw7GA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 if you see something as a forever
option then it probably means you do not understand it well enough to
begin doing it what's going on everyone i wanted to make this short
short video for you um because i had a number of conversations last week
that resulted in kind of this consistent point of coaching which is it's
never going to work forever and so i've seen this happen in so many
different situations where people will try and give themselves a reason
to not even begin something because they think that there is an end to
it when the reality is the only things that don't actually have an end
to them are things that you do not understand and so if you don't if you
see something as a forever option then it probably means you do not
understand it well enough to begin doing it so there's a little mind for
you um and

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 so let me give you a couple examples to
bring this home so you know when i was you know in the fitness space i
had a lot of people who'd come up to me and be like hey man like i want
to start working out i want to get bigger i was like awesome you know
this is how you gotta train blah blah and they'd be like well i don't
want to get too big i'm like you don't even look like you work out so
why don't we start with that and then we can worry about you getting too
big right so it's not a perfect example for business but that's an
example of somebody trying to discount starting because they think they
see an end that they do not even understand the journey well enough to
comprehend another example would be hey we're running tick-tock ads
right now and we're crushing it right and someone says well we don't
know how long tick tock is going to be around or snapchat or insert
whatever new opportunity there is and so we don't want to do it right
but the reality is all opportunities are by their very nature arbitrage
where

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 you're taking advantage of
inefficiencies within two systems or two markets and so over time all
arbitrage disappears right and then markets become more efficient that's
how markets work right more and more people see the opportunity the bit
the arbitrage decreases until eventually it's efficient right and so
when you're looking at opportunities and you see something and it might
be a big opportunity only is going to be open for two years three years
do you do it or not it's another series of questions that would happen
after that but i would not discount it simply because you know that it
is finite because all opportunities are finite and to take this exaggera
you know this example to a max degree of exaggeration think about the
fortune 500 there's only one company that's been on there for over 100
years and that's ge just one one company right and so every one of those
companies you might have thought or during their day might be like this
thing's going to be here forever the reality is it's not and markets
change so rapidly it's difficult to reshift an entire infrastructure

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 some companies can do it many fail and
so if your business is founded upon taking advantage of an arbitrage
opportunity or an inefficiency in a marketplace or something that is
fleeting right that comes and goes that's okay many businesses were
built off of arbitrage opportunities that created cash flow human
resources that could then be deployed and pivoted in another direction
when the opportunity closes and so it's kind of like saying well i don't
want to invest in this investment because it's only going to triple my
money in three years well what do i do after it triples my money well
you take the money you invest it somewhere else right it's the same
concept except you're just applying it to your business and so this is
just a caveat that was top of mind that i figured i would share with you
because just so many times we try and take 10 steps forward without even
realizing that there's this big pile of money and you can just pick it
up and move about your life and it doesn't need to be forever and so
it's just a remembering like if

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 this were an investment would you
triple your money in three years probably so then don't worry about what
you're going to do in 20 years because you're going to be such a
different person than anyways you might not even want to be in the same
thing forever and so i think sometimes we just create this reason
because the real reason is that we fear failing when something seems so
easy right we fear failing because we might not think we're good enough
or we're being lazy and we don't want to even start or try and so it's
usually the fear thing but for some people you shouldn't get off your
ass um but anyways i hope i i hope you found this valuable uh maybe this
you're at a decision right now or you're thinking about investing
something or you're thinking about taking advantage of an opportunity or
think about investing your time into taking advantage of some sort of
inefficiency and if it's a massive one even if it's going to be fleeting
as long as the return is high enough i think many times it can be worth
it so anyways this is more targeted for newer entrepreneurs if you're in
an existing vehicle it means you've already

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 found an arbor shop opportunity so
don't try and do another one um unless it's something that feeds your
original model but anyways i hope that makes sense keep being awesome
have a fantastic day and i'll catch you next video \[Music\] bye
\[Music\] \[Applause\] you
