https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lLLBlo0YXA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 yeah so we lost like we lost like a
couple deals the past couple weeks to companies that are charging like
200 a month you know retainer and we're like we're \[ \_\_ \] better
than these we're so much better than these companies we give more we're
like we coach better oh everybody can make them more money and they're
like \[ \_\_ \] go with this company or because they're 200 a month so i
would so so tj so if you were if you were on the phone and you're like
hey alex there's this guy down the street for two hundred dollars a
month i'd be like hey man i was like what do you sell personal training
for 200 a month right training for right i mean you would the guy would
tell him he'd be like i don't know 80 bucks an hour like cool i got a
kid down the street he'll do it for 10 bucks whose training do you think
is better why do you think he's got to charge 10 right get what you pay
for and so that being said if you want to go there the thing is is if
you spend 200 to get nothing is that a better

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 investment than spending a thousand in
getting 10x on it so is it really a cost if we're looking at how much
money we're going to make when you invest in a stock are you like well
amazon's more expensive than than bank of america it's price to value
it's like price is what you pay value is what you get right if you're
getting \[ \_\_ \] for 200 it's still a bad investment that's how you
break right well pricing comparison yeah one of my favorites is like
well \[ \_\_ \] man why didn't you go with them yeah like they're only
like \[ \_\_ \] man but like yeah the one case scenario is like we did
the call with the guy first and then the next day he's like i got
another company i'm talking with blah blah blah he's not with them we
followed up with him he's like yeah i went with them because they were
like two dollars a month we were like that's fine and it happens the
thing is is he'll be back right yeah but the other side of it is uh
because here's candidly they have no way to acquire customers you know
they're ltv dude if he keeps

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 him for a \[ \_\_ \] year it's 2400
right he's not competition that's kind of my point here but yeah even if
it were and this did come up right one of my favorite clothes is called
the comparison close all right which i say all right let's pretend price
isn't an option all right let's say we're both priced at the exact same
amount which one would you rather do they're gonna say you right i'd be
like why and then they're gonna be like well you know i like the fact
that you guys got the coaching thing uh i mean i like selling higher
ticket that's that kind of makes more sense to me they'll start telling
you why and you're like right you like anything else you keep going
anything else any other reasons anything else like about roi what about
risk what about like track record any of those things matter well yeah i
guess that too like right and for that reason you can understand why
we're not 200 as you let them sell you on the reason of why they would
rather do you they spend three minutes telling you about why you're
better you're like right you can understand why we're not 200 yeah but i
like the stock example because it's listen it's like the price of the

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 stock is irrelevant it's what you get
for what you pay if you pay 200 you flush it down the toilet is that a
good deal of course not if you pay a thousand dollars and you get 10
back is that a good deal of course so the price has nothing to do with
our discussion but everything to do with how likely you are to hit your
goal that's good how likely do you think you are to hit your goal and
how important is your time do you want to waste three more months not
hitting your goal trying another mickey mouse thing do you think if he
was really the best in the industry like let's be real for a second do
you think if he was the best in the industry the most likely to help you
hit your goal he would charge you the same amount as a \[ \_\_ \] boot
camp client yes or no \[ \_\_ \] hell no of course not so then why do
you think it would be reasonable that he'd be better of course he's not
so the question is are you being cheap are you gonna get burned twice
today right or do you want to buy nice you can buy nice or buy twice
right it's up to you
