https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfbtySq6\_B4

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on everyone really pumped
to tell you one of my strongest and most powerful tactics in persuasion
that allows you to use integrity to increase the trust in your prospects
by owning all of your deficiencies with a single statement all right so
uh many times if you're thinking about how you're selling someone the
degree to which they will buy is directly correlated with how much they
trust you especially in a b2b scenario where if i said hey for every
dollar you give me you'll make 10 back if i if someone truly believed
that then every single person would buy from me right because there's no
logical reason not to so underpinning that is whether they believe me or
not and that could be within the context whether they believe in
themselves versus the system versus the world there's other sub beliefs
there but fundamentally if those three things are aligned and they truly
believe in their core then they're going to buy which is the same reason
that when you have a referral that gets on the phone with you it's so
easy to close them because the person who referred them has already
imbued you with trust they've already

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 vouched for you and so the person comes
in with sky high trust and really just you just need to get out of their
way so they can make the purchase and so i learned this tactic from
eminem in eight mile um and uh you can see it at work and i'll give you
a couple of prominent examples but it's using the word but all right and
this is the concept of damaging admission which is probably my single
favorite uh technique to use in persuasion because it allows me to be
even more honest than i otherwise would be in a world of like charlatans
where people are always making huge promises and making huge claims and
never kind of being real and authentic with people you stick out like a
sore thumb in a good way right and so let me give you a statement really
quickly um and then we're gonna i'm gonna show you how to how to reverse
it in order to make it more persuasive so let's say i said um i'm going
to make you uh you're going to make a ton of money if you work with me
but it's going to be a ton of work there's going to be hundreds of hours
of

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 videos you're going to have to go
through um there's five hours a day that you're going to have to spend
you know to execute each of the things that i'm going to tell you to do
right what happens is in that statement i directed your attention to all
of the things that you're going to have to do right now if you noticed
it was positive statement but negative statement now if you reverse
these things and go negative statement but positive statement the butt
acts as an amplifier for the second half let's try it on listen if you
sign up for gym launcher you sign up to work with me you're gonna have
to go through hundreds of hours of videos you're gonna have to take five
hours a day you know to work and do these things but you're gonna make
more money than ever in your life the thing is is that but and then the
statement when i say something negative if i was on a date for example
and i was trying to persuade a young lady you know back in the day
before i was married i might say something like listen

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 you know sometimes i have a temper um i
can be i can be short at times i don't have a ton of time to get
dedicated to a relationship right now because my business is taking up
the majority of my time but i'm absolutely fantastic in bed right if i
said something like that the thing is is the more negatives i can say in
the beginning the more believable the thing that i say right afterwards
is right and so if i own all of my negatives which is why i love this
because be truthful in the things that you're saying that are negative
and the more true they are and the more damaging they are the more
believable the thing that comes after the sentence all right and so the
way to use but because everything that happens here after the word but
is amplified all right and everything that is before the word but is
diminished so you have so the good thing is you can actually control

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 where your prospect's attention is
going so this is where we're where we're directing them it's after the
word but and so i do this sometimes um you know the word because is
actually really similar too to this in a different way i'll use it in
another video but uh if if i say something really horrible um i'm trying
to think of something else uh let's see here uh i'm i'm really hard to
live with um i i absolutely do no house chores whatsoever but whatever i
say right now is something that you're going to believe right and so
when you use this to your advantage and you weave this into your copy
especially as you get closer to your call to actions people will believe
you and fundamentally this is what will make your copy so much more
persuasive right like for example gym launch has tons of one star
reviews we also have but we also have thousands of five stars

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 right and so the question is whether
you want to eat at a restaurant that has 4.7 you know stars with 3 000
ratings or you would need at a place that has five stars with 19 right i
would rather you the 4.4.7 star same thing would you buy on amazon right
because the damaging admissions the reviews that are negative give
credence to the things that are positive so let me give you a really
famous example that viagra had and some of you guys may know this
commercial but it's literally it it crushed for them right some of you
guys may remember that they had a warning label at the end of their
advertisements that said if an election lasts longer than four hours you
know must contact a medical uh you know professional right and so the
beauty is there was a genuine risk right but in making the risk they
amplified the power of the product every single guy heard that warning
and was like i could have an erection for four hours like sign me up
right and so it would be like the same thing as saying like um you know
warning uh you know when you

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 sign up and start working with gymloc
you're gonna massively increase your tax burden all right so like like
we we are not liable for the amount of taxes that you're gonna have to
pay as a result of the amount of money we're gonna make right so it's
it's the negative consequence of the positive that amplifies the
believability of the statement if we're warning people that the extreme
adverse effects of the of the of the result that we're promising in an
extreme fashion then it makes the the the underlying believability of
whether or not they're going to achieve it seem assumed right and then
it makes the entire set of of sentences or the preceding argument um
more uh persuasive right and believable and so ultimately um this is one
of my favorite persuasion tactics and i love it because it's so based in
integrity right you're just saying all of the things that someone is
going to find out eventually you might as well use those things to
increase the persuasiveness of your argument right and so i wanted to
leave this with you i hope you found it valuable

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 keep keeping awesome try it in your
copy try it when you're presenting something in a sales presentation and
i guarantee you um you will have a prospect who believes you much more
and is more likely likely to buy so lots of love and i'll catch you on
the flip side but
