https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfcIUxa8Nn0

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 until you make more than the guy who
taught you that system you do the system exactly the way that it was
outlined \[Music\] what's going on everyone i wanted to bring this video
to you downtown coming in hot from austin uh what i want to talk about
today is a saying that we have said over and over and over again in our
community and some real world applications to it and that saying is
don't be cute and so the first time i heard this saying was from a
serial ceo he was a mercenary ceo so basically that is is a ceo who's
you know once a company like a private equity firm purchases a new
company they go have this kind of black book of their their all-star
players their swat team that they drop in so that they can grow the
company right that's kind of how it works and so he's one of these ceos
he's one

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 of these guys that's brought into a
deal they get the company and then he grows it again for the private
equity usually in a three to five year span and then they exit he's done
this exit process four times and he was the one who told me this story
and so he was like hey don't be cute he has this long island accent um
and i was like i don't really know what that means he's like alright so
you know when you're playing backyard football i'm not even trying to
the accent and i was like yeah and he's like so you've got two you know
you try and make these super fancy plays you're like alright we're gonna
go fake left and then double fake right and then we're gonna swing
around and then you're gonna pretend to be the quarterback and then i'm
gonna throw it that way right he's like what happens he's like you try
it and then you know tommy fumbles the ball and you lose 10 yards and
you lose the ball right he's like instead he's like put the two fat guys
in the middle run to the right right and what is that he's like
consistent yardage and he's like don't be cute and so that story has
always stuck with me because it's so true in business and that's what he
was

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 applying it to but i feel like so many
of the entrepreneurs that i talk to and the ones that we work with um a
lot of times you know myself included like we try and be cute and we try
and get fancy when it's usually the fundamentals that breed success and
one of the biggest telltale signs i think of somebody who's newer is
that they do not repeat successful actions and that's there's two types
of successful actions there's successful actions that you do that yield
a good result and you think oh i did that that worked let me go try and
do something else rather than doing more of that thing right that's the
first way the second way is where you're paying for a system or you're
paying for advice or whatever and the person says do it this way and
then you do not repeat their successful action and so this is one where
a lot of times i feel like we need to be reminded more than we need to
be taught and this is one of those instances because over the last
probably week i've had three separate conversations um two with
entrepreneurs who are doing about three million a year and one with a
brand new entrepreneur my uh my neighbor i think

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 i've referenced them before and when i
was talking to my neighbor he just bought this system so he can start
flipping real estate and he's doing well um and you know he was he was
like i think i might do it this way and i was like listen until you make
more than the guy who taught you that system you do the system exactly
the way that it was outlined all right you don't don't get cute don't
think you're you're special don't think you're a snowflake just do it
exactly as it's outlined because there's a reason it's outlined that way
and the two entrepreneurs that i talked to who are on our agency side
who are doing about three million a year we just did a call and i was
like hey what are your wins from this last month and both of them were
like you know you know we've been doing we've been trying a lot of stuff
and finally we decided to just you know do it the way that you had
outlined it and we're actually seeing a lot better results and um they
said it kind of the tone was like i don't have reluctance the right word
but like feeling feeling silly right

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 um about themselves that they had taken
this long to do that right and the reason i'm bringing this up is that
if you purchase a system if you take advice if you watch a youtube video
of somebody who's doing better than you at something which is why you're
trying to learn right and they're doing it a specific way there's a
reason that they're doing it that way it's probably because they have
the same goal that you do and probably suffer from the same cons that
you suffer from and they've already balanced those for the best outcome
right and so recently this morning i was on um a call with our marketing
uh team our traffic guys and i was looking at our funnel that were optim
we're in the process of optimizing and my traffic guy's like man if
people knew how much we work on optimizing our conversion process he's
like i feel like they wouldn't want to change anything because they know
that we've probably already tried it and i wanted to at least pay homage
to that because right now we're maybe i'd say three weeks into
optimizing this

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 conversion process of series of pages
and copy and messaging and whatnot and even in those three weeks we've
already tested over a hundred different pieces of this conversion
process this funnel the series of landing pages messaging etc and so
that means we've changed the headlines a handful of times we've changed
the buttons we've changed the flow of the pages we've changed where each
one leads multiple times and so these iterations stack and stack and
stack and so if i'm going to eventually show someone hey this is how it
works what do you think the chances are that if they change something
it's going to be better probably low right and so the thing is is that
we somehow you know i think it's an ego thing as entrepreneurs like we
always think we're special we think we're different we think we're
smarter or whatever um but my word of my rule of thumb for me is until
i'm doing as well or better than the person who taught me this thing do
not change it replicate before you get fancy right and so that's where
you know doing the

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 boring work don't be cute those kind of
things we need to be reminded more than we need to be taught like those
sayings are pervasive in our community because i think they are the
things that are the bedrock of successful entrepreneurship and it's
repeating successful actions and there are certain points where once we
get this conversion process optimized where i think it should be i
probably won't change i won't be pushing as much attention to that i'll
be pushing more of my attention towards filling the top side right so
right now we just i'm putting enough attention on bringing in traffic so
that i can find the optimal way of converting that traffic but once i
feel like the numbers are optimized i probably won't tweak that very
much because now it's a successful action and i want to repeat it as
many times i possibly can and then i'm going to be focused all in my
attention on bringing traffic into the top of that conversion process
and so as a total side note because that's what these are for i guess if
you are in the process of optimizing something which if you're using
someone

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 else's templates or anything like that
then use them the way they are there's a reason they are that way but if
you're coming up from these things from scratch what i can tell you is
that after having now done this i've done this optimization process a
zillion times in my life now the the headlines and the messages the top
that literally the first one to two things that someone reads are going
to have the biggest swing on the needle and so many times i've spent
hours and days and weeks optimizing the bottom part the the the images
and the pages and the sorry not the pages the um like the the copy
bullets and things like that that are below the fold right on the
newspaper if you if you flipped it open there's a fold and then you can
flip the second half landing pages work the same way above the fold is
what someone sees when they land on their desktop or on their mobile
phone that's above the fold below the fold is everything else i
routinely have seen changes of doubling to quadrupling the throughput of
a page meaning the percentage of people who click to do the optimal
action you want

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 them to do simply by changing the
sentence at the top or the sentences at the top and the one image that
someone sees and so if you are trying to optimize something if you're if
you're below if you're way below where you need to be don't even worry
about anything below the fold and in fact you could probably spend 90
percent of your attention above the fold and get way higher returns than
your time than everything below the fold and i can't say the amount of
times we're literally just deleting everything below the fold got us
better better throughput on those types of pages and actions than even
putting anything there to begin with right and so um just recently i
changed the headline of our landing page for uh agencies who are going
to be partnering with us for our allen software and uh we 3xed the the
throughput of that one page simply by changing the headline right and on
our scheduling page which is the third step in this process we 5xed the
throughput by removing

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 a headline that was there we didn't
even add anything we literally removed something that was there and so
um which was hey you know you finished this process the next step is
this we just took out you finished this process basically and so people
are like oh i'm not done i need to take this next step and so it's just
this huge massive jump by removing something that was there and so all
of this at least for me is this continuous reinforcement that we need to
be reminded more than we need to be taught we need to repeat successful
actions when they're there if someone gives this advice or we're taking
advice from someone especially for paying for that advice to not take
advice is akin to literally burning your money right because this person
or this youtuber or this this thing that you're you're trying to learn
from this person trying to learn from has already suffered the
consequences of trial and error and so why would you not at least just
duplicate replicate their process and what they're doing first and then
when you surpass or at least match them then and only then you will have
the

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 understanding of the process to
improve it and the thing is is a lot of times people become experts
because of how many failures they have if the first time you stepped the
plate you hit a home run you may not know why you did that is it because
of your hip stances because when you dropped your dropped your elbow was
because you kept your eye on the ball like there's so many other factors
but if you want the shortcut to getting to where you want to go
replicating other people's success repeating successful actions both on
yourself and what other people have done is one of the shortest paths to
getting there and so anywho um don't be cute don't try and get fancy
don't run the super crazy whatever play just look at the fundamentals
follow the steps only iterate after you've duplicated the results of the
person you're trying to learn from and so um that was my message for you
today that was top of mind the same advice i gave the 18 year old my
neighbor who's flipping real estate right now really proud of him and uh
the same advice i give people

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 we're doing three million plus a year
is don't be cute repeat successful actions we need to be reminded more
than we taught and then just keep doing the same things over and over
and over again and you will get outsized returns so anyways have a happy
day hope your marketing is converting like crazy money um and leading
you to financial wealth and freedom um only to realize that it is empty
in that uh in the process you will turn most the people that who know
you secretly against you they won't purposely tell you that but they
secretly envy you and that's okay because i'd rather be envied than pity
so with that have an amazing day and i'll catch you guys on the flip
side bye \[Music\] \[Music\] \[Applause\] you
