https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcD2t9qt-fM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 we are all one decision away from
changing our lives forever and a lot of us don't even know it and the
difference between the decisions you make today and the ones that you
made last year if they've gotten you to where you are right now they
were not good decisions and so if we want to have more power in our
lives we have to first understand what power is and second how to unlock
it through the actions and decisions that we make and if you have a
company or a business or a job where you need to influence other people
or you need to get people to say yes or you need people to make
decisions or most importantly make decisions for yourself that are going
to change your life for the better then we have to understand what the
topic means if you don't know who i am my name is austral mostly i own
acquisition.com and 10 years ago i was sleeping on a gym floor and 10
years later i am now in my mom's basement that is how much better my
life getting this is actually penthouse and i like to work in a closet
because i like having the quiet and not having distractions but uh my
life has gone significantly better uh and i recently spoke at coaching
con and they wanted me to talk about this specific topic because there
was a series of events and decisions that made massive differences in my
life and i broke them down and after i gave the speech and got off stage
i had hundreds of people who messaged me saying that that uh speech was
one of the things

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 that made them take huge strides in
their life and honestly made them more powerful and that is all i want
for you mostly nation is to become more and more powerful so that we can
all make the world a better place all right so enjoy the presentation
and i'll see you guys the other side it's just great to be here so thank
you guys so much i promise that i will do my absolute best to give you a
high return on your attention uh because it's the most valuable thing
you guys have i just want to thank you for investing here with me today
so that being said uh the reason i went up with gold diggers because we
all know who's the real person who makes the money in the family um and
so i i picked right that's by the way the best passive income strategy
in existence is just to marry someone rich um they don't talk about that
one right the uh the second thing though that i want to talk about is uh
is power and i think that actually before i get into that who here wants
to be powerful

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 awesome and that's not everybody raised
their hand which is interesting and i think i find it interesting
because i ask that question sometimes and in an audience sometimes it's
easier to remain anonymous but one-on-one when you stare at someone's
eyes you're like do you want to be powerful a lot of people shrink away
from that and i think it's because at least me when i was coming up i
had negative associations with the word to me power was like the emperor
in uh star wars you know the lightning old fingers and everybody and so
to me that was like power but i saw it as a negative thing and i feel
like as i developed i started to learn that power is neutral you can be
incredibly powerful and bad incredibly powerful and good and so the idea
is if we can harness power then it amplifies who we are and if we're
shitty people then we're very very shitty people and we're very good
we're very very good and so i hope that all of us aspire to have more
power in our lives and that is the underlying theme of the presentation
i'm gonna talk to you guys about today so decision making

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 who's so excited about decision making
well i'll give you the sub headline which is selling with logic to make
lots of money and i think there are different selling styles when i
because i've trained a lot of sales teams we've built a lot of sales
teams sold a lot of different industries now people sell differently who
here would consider themselves like an emotional seller like you get
like emotionally invested in the prospect you get them to cry anybody
like that i'm saying cool who here is somebody who is uh is more of a
like i'm not going to let you leave type so you know who you are just
raise your hand i am that way too sometimes all right just me fair
enough um and then the third is kind of logical selling which is like
let's just talk through this and if it makes sense let's do it if it
doesn't no worries between those three types i i tend to actually be
more of a logical seller in general and i've gotten a lot of a claim
rightfully or not that was wild um

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 sorry i actually have a fear of birds
um so this was about to be a very short presentation and so and so a lot
of the a lot of my like success using logic and sales has given me a lot
of acclaim and this is the first presentation that i've put together so
this is just for you guys this is a brand new presentation because i've
been thinking about like reverse engineering what are the things what
are the frameworks we think about to get to yes right and the yes that i
want from somebody is not a yes i'm going to buy but yes i'm going to
decide and i think if you can delineate that for yourself too it takes a
little bit of the pressure off selling because my goal is to give this
person power and you have to understand what power is in order to give
it right who here knows the definition of power go for it i love that
thought to existence is what he said which is actually a really favorite
way so the dictionary definition is the ability to influence or direct

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 events or people that's the dictionary
definition but i love how you said it because as i see omnipotence so
god or a god figure would be as they think it appears so the the
distance between thoughts and reality are ins there's there is no
distance right that would be an omnipotent being if he thinks the world
the world exists right and so as we take steps towards that as the ideal
we become more powerful and if we can do that for our prospects we can
allow them to step into the person they want to be and make a decision
to own their \[ \_\_ \] one way or another does that make sense cool all
right so let's rock so this will either be the best presentation on
sales you've ever heard the worst presentation on sales you've ever
heard or somewhere in between that is a promise all right and so i
thought it would make sense to start with this we have a high this is
charlie munger who's probably like my number one hero in this season of
my life we have a high moral responsibility to be rational and i think
that getting someone to rationally decide is

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 important because emotional buyers
oftentimes get excited they'll buy and then who's had somebody who calls
him two days later is like i don't know why anybody raise your hand just
so you know you're not alone okay and what happens is it's just like
dating i think layla talked about it yesterday if you have a rational
foundation for a relationship or a decision when the emotions fade the
logic will continue and so it's good to answer both sides of the
decision-making process the short-term side is the emotion that gets you
to decrease your action threshold and take a step right but the logic is
what makes it stick and actually makes a great customer all right and so
for me and i think that the further along you get in business and the
higher up you get in business the more you'll see people who tend to
make more logical decisions more logic first decisions and fewer and
fewer emotional decisions all right so what does being a rational sorry
what does rational logical have to do with selling well you have logical
buyers and you have emotional buyers in general right most people sit on
this continuum one

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 way or the other and emotionally people
want to believe you people want to buy you must help their logical
brains justify the decision that they already want to make think about
it that way they want to buy from you you have to help them all right so
who here identifies actually i'll skip through this emotional logical
you're probably in between anybody in between these two anyone all right
then you'll love this so before we get started i thought i would give
you a few beliefs about selling that have served me very well throughout
the years number one people want to believe you they want to buy you
must help their logical blames brains justify the decision two selling
happens before you ask for the sale closing happens after so you're
selling for a lot longer period of time but the moment you kind of like
take your pants off and you're like this is what it is that's when
you're closing right

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you have now solicited now you close
three it's easier to handle obstacles than objections i'll get to what
the difference between those are in a second that being said expect and
plan for no it is not failure it is expected so stop being surprised
it's one of the first things we talk new sales guys into is expect no
that's not like that's a part of this if they already were going to say
yes then you are not necessary no is the job right if they could make
the decision on their own they would just send you the money right the
reason they're struggling is because they can't and they need your help
which is why sales is actually the first step in coaching and i see
sales as power if you can have the ability to direct or influence others
that is power and i feel like it should be made much cooler than i feel
like it is five if

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 you didn't get a gasp from a price tag
you didn't go high enough this is another belief so for those who are
afraid to raise your price if you're not getting gasps you're not going
high enough straight up and when you do it that way you can always walk
down and have a beautiful price anchor right when you say a hundred
thousand dollars first a grand feels like a rounding error it's true but
when i say ten dollars first like i'm saying right now ten dollars and i
say a thousand sounds way \[ \_\_ \] bigger doesn't it so you gotta get
the gas and you gotta train your guys if you have a team they have to be
comfortable with no and they have to be comfortable with the gasp they
gotta go for the gasp and be like dude you should have heard the gasp on
this one right there we go seven selling properly is the first step
becoming a coach right your first impressions the expeditions you set
dictate the relationship how you sell the fact that use logic in the
sale will set you up for success and your client for success in the long
run eight selling is helping prospects make decisions out themselves
like you are helping them help themselves that's

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 where the power comes from you are not
helping them you're helping them help them see the difference it's
nuanced but it's real nine keep the prospect not the sale as the
priority it's not about us the more you can vanish in the sale and and
magnify them the better your selling conversations will go because it's
not about us they don't care about you they only care about them and
they will talk about themselves as long as they'll let them this is a
really important one especially when you start to getting into closing
seek to understand not to argue and the way that i train our sales teams
around this is childlike curiosity so when someone says when someone
objects to something it's like huh that's so weird i wouldn't have
thought that tell me more about that right and you get to be able to
maintain that childlike curiosity the same way they train fighters to
not breathe too much during a fight through exposure the more you more
times

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 you get into these uncomfortable high
stakes closing scenarios the less weird and high stakes they become
because they become what you do every day and the good thing is you get
to have this conversation hundreds and thousands of times and they only
get to have it once so you \[ \_\_ \] better be better at it than them
closing is a dance not a fight it's seduction not rape i mean i'm being
super serious about this the goal is not to beat them into submission
the goal is to sell from your back foot it's like i'm good i want to
help you help you and if that means not doing this then i \[ \_\_ \]
love it i'm with you i'm on your team and i'll give you a bullet around
that in a second selling is a transference of belief over a bridge of
trust therefore there are two things that are required you must believe
so that you can transfer it and you must have trust to make the transfer
because if you truly

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 believe in a lot of times you st
anyone been on a hot streak when they're selling anyone anyone who just
had their hand up ever been on a cold streak most times you go from hot
to cold not because you forgot how to sell because you stop believing in
why you're selling you have the same skills as you did the day before
but sometimes you get a text you get an email you get a pain in the ass
customer you ask for a refund whatever the hell it is right and then you
question yourself and so that bridge might have been created but there
was nothing to walk across it because your cup wasn't full and so that's
why especially it's you in the beginning but your teams over time the
process of filling conviction is one of the easiest and best ways to
increase someone's closing percentage better than any of the training in
the world if you get someone to believe they will sell the right way
because they're doing it not to make the deal because they want to help
the other person 16. you can only build trust if you generally want to
help and humans are exceptionally good at sniffing out intention it's a
survival mechanism you have to know if someone's trying to double cross
you we're very good at

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 smelling it out and the reason a lot
of you guys can't close is because you only care about closing belief
and trust are a continuum not binaries so it's not you believe or don't
believe it's not they trust you or don't trust you but how much do they
trust you how much do you believe how deeply do you believe because
anyone ever been around somebody who just believes balls to bone
something that you think is batshit crazy like i mean all the way so
much so that you start to question what you believe that's what real
conviction does 18 closers ask hard questions and it's because you
genuinely care that's why you do it it's why we're here who here wants
to impact thousands of lives and help people then you got to \[ \_\_ \]
ask hard questions because it's the only thing that's going to actually
pierce someone's heart and actually get the transformation to happen if
you can't make if you cannot have transformational conversations you
cannot coach and this is the first step the person who cares the most
about the prospect wins the sale that includes them

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 so if you care more about their
well-being than they do you will win and if you are more convicted they
will question their own excuses because you are so certain a little
little nugget for you report all your sales by the way because when you
do get on that hot streak right you get on that hot streak and then you
get cold again watch your hot streak see where you pause what jokes you
made when you asked for the sale when you did it how you overcame it and
it'll get you back in the flow much faster than trying to question
yourself what i do what i do always report all your sales it's also the
easiest way to train new people and then lastly 21 power is the ability
to direct or influence people if you want to be powerful you must
understand this skill and that's what we're going to talk about cool
awesome when does selling happen does it happen when they're a lead does
it happen when we're qualifying them does it happen when we solicit the
sale does it happen when we close the sale

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 when does the selling happen all the
time the entire time selling is happening but what are we going to talk
about today just this just closing everything you have to do after
asking someone to buy why are we doing that rather than the entire
process beyond the fact that we'd be here all day the other reason and i
love this is that closing has one of the highest predictors of success
in business and here's an analogy for it everyone familiar with the nfl
great so here's an insane statistic the top five red zone offenses in
the league now last five years made the playoffs 90 of the time here's
why this is interesting and crazy there's a million other stats they
could have horrible defenses they could have terrible coaching they
could have a terrible whatever it is right they could have all these
things that are wrong with their they could have terrible special teams
whatever but just this one set

17 00:16:00.000 --\> 00:17:00.000 if they're in the red zone they \[
\_\_ \] close and i can tell you if you have this ability if you have
the skill it will make up for a tremendous amount of deficiencies in
other areas of your life and business and it will buy you time to learn
those but if you can't close it's very difficult to grow in business
especially in the beginning because it's probably you that's why we're
talking about closing why is this important from a money getting
perspective well first off if you have 100 people walk in the door 10
are never going to buy just accept that right problem is you don't know
which 10 it is but ten percent ever gonna buy ten percent are always
gonna buy you just gotta not \[ \_\_ \] it up and most of you guys these
are the only sales you're getting they're like well i already i'm
already here my friend told me about you i have my credit card out and
some of you are like well you know let's make sure you're like just shut
the \[ \_\_ \] just take the card you know what i mean like shut up
right that's like hey my friend's so awesome you got to meet him and
she's like oh my god he's great and then the guy starts

18 00:17:00.000 --\> 00:18:00.000 talking and she's like just kidding
you know like terrible right but this is what we fight for this is what
we train and if you want to make a big impact that's what we're fighting
for it's the middle 80. why this presentation will make you money if
after this presentation you just have one more bullet one more play in
your arsenal to close where i get you one more deal a month i'll feel
like my job was done all right and hopefully if you just do that it'll
pay for your entire weekend all right that's my goal for the president
that everything that you guys have done for this whole weekend is paid
for is that cool fair outcome all right this is one of my favorite
sayings you're only one decision away from changing your life forever
and whenever i feel overwhelmed or i feel like i'm decreasing like i
feel powerless i feel like i have less power than i want to have i
always say this to myself because it's like i can take one decision and
change \[ \_\_ \] everything you know i mean like i can i can drink a
bottle of jack get in the car i can change everything with one decision
right i can make a step to to invest in

19 00:18:00.000 --\> 00:19:00.000 something i can buy something i can
invest in myself i can i can have a terrible conversation with an
amazing conversation with layla but just one decision and that's always
given me power but the thing is is that instead of changing our lives we
blame when i say blame i want you to think give power to sources outside
of our control and this is what you and this is what your prospects and
your customers are doing and this is why so many people are weak and
powerless and so we're going to do a fun activity today because i want
you to be involved so you can learn it we're going to do this so that
one you can help decisions to help yourself with whatever decisions
you're facing two you can use these frameworks to help prospects help
themselves and the three become more powerful so but rather than keep
this hypothetical i need you to visualize the decision that you need to
make all right you do that for me fantastic and this is why i want you
to actually think through a decision together because this is a
statement from confucius i hear and i forget i see and i remember i do
and i understand so my goal here

20 00:19:00.000 --\> 00:20:00.000 isn't for you to take screenshots of
every picture of every slide that's not my point here because the thing
is is when you do that and you kind of i mean this is why i do it i take
pictures so that i don't have to remember it but i don't want you to
remember it i want you to understand it if you understand it you won't
have to go back to your notes because let's be real half the time you're
not even open these notes up again you're here now with me try and
understand if you do that it can change your life because what we're
going to do is not going to be some scripts that you have to understand
but the logic behind the arguments that people will give you as to why
they are not choosing to become more powerful and if you can unlock that
you people will feel more powerful talking to you and they will want to
buy from me because of the feeling they have does that make sense and so
that's when you're using logic to create an emotion so here here's an
easy one for you anyone here presented with the decision last 24 hours
yes great fantastic so who thinks the decision could change your life
for the better great for the worse who knows all right let's go so
here's my goal i want to show you as though you were prospects how to
think through a decision and help

21 00:20:00.000 --\> 00:21:00.000 others using these frameworks right
what you want what you don't want maximize the left minimize the right
so here's what this is translated to if you decide to buy the offer you
feel more certain about your decision decided not to buy the offer you
feel \[ \_\_ \] certain about the decision and if you're undecided you
make a \[ \_\_ \] decision all right and you feel good that it's the one
that has the highest likelihood of getting you closer to where you want
to go and this is what we have to walk through with our prospects when
you're looking at them you have to be like i don't want you to buy i
want you to decide for you not for me i'll be the same either way right
you're like i'm going to be ripping in shape it's not going to change me
right like that's not going to change but like it will change for you
right so quick note on sales ethics and then we'll dive in helping
someone make a decision to help themselves does not mean buying from me
that's a reiteration you have to keep their goals at the center of the
decision and you should be happy i mean this because if you can shift
this truly if you can be happy when someone decides to own the power and
not work with you then the pressure around

22 00:21:00.000 --\> 00:22:00.000 sales disappears it evaporates there's
no stake the stake is did i help them does that make sense and that
means that you can win every sale because you change the metric you're
measuring yourself by that's the superpower like and that's where you do
make the most sales because you don't care about the sale because you
care about the person and the people pay the people who pay the most
attention so i call it paying attention they pay for it they pay for you
to pay attention rather than talking about yourself right because they
don't care about you because they're thinking about 100 other things and
this is why most importantly make high-stakes decisions to help your
prospects in order to best serve them okay so i told you earlier i was
going to talk about the difference between obstacles and objections a
couple you guys raised your hands but the differences i'm not gonna ask
i'll tell you what it is obstacle is a thing that blocks one's way or
prevents or hinders progress when you disagree with them that is an
obstacle this happens before you solicit the sale someone says some \[
\_\_ \] before we

23 00:22:00.000 --\> 00:23:00.000 even get to the sale that's an
obstacle a simple example i hear all the time hey why'd you hop on the
call today hey why'd you walk in the gym today whatever it is right them
i just wanted to find out a little bit more about the program first 10
seconds obstacle you're not here to find out more about the program your
because you're fat but they got to say it so you're like oh so you're
finding out like do you do this all the time do you go to lots of
different programs to find out information or is there a problem you're
trying to solve they're like oh well you know i'm trying to lose weight
like oh god so you're not just hopping on 100 calls a day because i was
like that would be a very weird existence right you just hop on for
information all day right fantastic i've had this conversation before
right so it's an obstacle right and the thing is it's easy to confront
and destroy obstacles before you ask for the sale once you've asked for
the sale you switch to objections objections is when they disagree with
you so it's much easier to be on the other side disagreeing and helping
them break their beliefs before the stake has been

24 00:23:00.000 --\> 00:24:00.000 presented after after the after you're
in the red zone it's all closing it's all objection overcomes right
example that's like i don't want to buy right now and you're like
totally understand what are the main criteria thinking through which is
always funny because people are like i need to think about it i've never
had someone like leave because they need to think about it i'm like cool
what are you thinking about they're like oh i'm still here right so
learning how to talk through these high stakes decisions with yourself
or others is the purpose of presentation and as a result you'll become
more powerful okay so before i dive into these each of these arguments i
have to make this one statement that the person must really want the
goal and believe three things one which we'll get to there we go the
product will get you the goal comma the way they want to get there and i
learned that second half the hard way because we found out in gym launch
that people would say no sometimes to buying memberships right or buying
challenges or whatever but when we offered them the ability to come back
the next day help them for free

25 00:24:00.000 --\> 00:25:00.000 we'd sell them 400 of supplements and
they just said no to 100 down service thing and like what the \[ \_\_ \]
it's because they want to lose weight but they want to lose weight their
way and so that's when i started learning like oh not only do we have to
make sure that they want the goal and they believe that the product's
going to get them there that has to get them there the way they want to
get there this gives you ammo for the questions that you're going to ask
just make sense okay the second thing is that you and others will
support them like are you telling me the truth is this really what's
going to happen will other people around me support this decision and
the third is that it will work for them and not just everyone else sure
i've seen the people who step on the stage but they're different than me
i'm a snowflake i have metabolic thyroid ketosis right whatever i have
zero influenza allerger whatever you know what i mean like i have no
following is itis right whatever it is right whatever \[ \_\_ \] you
tell yourself

26 00:25:00.000 --\> 00:26:00.000 and what you have to do in this
situation is you have to provide proof so that it'd be more unreasonable
not to believe than to believe and this is a logical close this is not a
this is not an emotional close this is when you look at someone and say
how many people would you need to see for it to be more unreasonable for
you not to believe than to believe at what point is it 10 is it 50 well
here's a thousand tell me when to stop okay okay okay great so that's
not the real reason and then you can confront the real \[ \_\_ \] all
right so otherwise if they're not sure of those things if they don't
actually want to lose weight if you don't actually want to make money
doing online fitness then it doesn't matter what jason says you don't
want to make money doing all my fitness you're not going to buy right if
you do want to make money doing online fitness then you go down you go
down the track the train tracks that make sense okay again this is why
you expect no at first because if people could make the decision they
would have already made it all right now to the main course richard
feynman besides charlie one of my favorite thinkers of all time he was
like the second guy on uh the atom bomb

27 00:26:00.000 --\> 00:27:00.000 sounds negative brilliant teacher he's
known for this understand don't memorize learn principles not formulas
and that's what the rest of this presentation is about is the principles
behind overcoming these distortions that people have and so this is me
asking you for your own sake don't take pictures of the slides it's
because all the stuff's gonna be in the recordings but you are here now
so be here now so you can understand it okay so there are three sources
this is a huge breakthrough for me so i'm going to share it with you the
first time shared a life there are three sources that we cast our power
to okay and it took me a very long time to get through this because i
looked at grant and he had his you know you got stall decision maker
money then you talked to barry who owns sage she's like you got time fit
uh money fear shame right those are hers and then jordan belfort's got
his and so everybody's got like these are the only overcomes right i was
like there has to be an actual truth here like there has to be something
that's true that's unquestioned and so trying to figure this out i

28 00:27:00.000 --\> 00:28:00.000 actually went back to dr albert ellis
anybody who knew he is no one great um who here knows what cognitive
behavioral therapy is cbt he invented it smart dude and so what he
noticed is that he originally had 11 distortions of reality then he
dropped it to nine then a seven and they came with three and the three
stuck and the three are what i'm about to share with you and you're like
why is he talking about this about sales because the objections that
people offer you where they cast their power to are distortions of
reality they are the things we use to upset ourselves these are the
three circumstances and this is the irrational statement that people
make i must get what i want when i want it i must not get what i don't
want if i don't get what i want i can't stand it that's when people
blame their emotional disturbances on emotional services on
circumstances two others other people must treat me fairly and kindly
and if i if they don't they are

29 00:28:00.000 --\> 00:29:00.000 no good and deserve to be condemned
and punished it's like your animal brain right three self i must do well
or else i am no good these are the three core distortions that upset
people this is like mental illness right and so i'm not saying anyone
has mental illness if they don't agree with you it's more so that these
are distortions that are not real and if you can understand not memorize
if you can understand this then you can have these high-stakes
conversations understanding exactly which distortion they're suffering
from and i'll show you how to overcome them okay and so i like to
consider like the onion of blame people this is like one of the bigger
breakthroughs i had they start with the outside they blame circumstances
time money other \[ \_\_ \] and then the step next to that they start to
blame other people my spouse my kids my employees and then finally they
say like it's me it's my fault and so you might have to overcome
multiple layers as you peel back and based on the objection they give
you you can know where you're at you know

30 00:29:00.000 --\> 00:30:00.000 how close you are if someone just says
i have to think about that you're like great i'm talking the person
who's in power and the decision maker and i just need to get them to say
yes if they're like i don't have they're casting the power away and some
of you guys are probably casting your power away on decisions you need
to make which is why i'm making this presentation even though that these
are the things that distort people's realities because you're like no
one's ever said circumstances are getting in my way right like no one
says they manifest in five ways that i want to equip you to deal with
all right for yourself and others so these are the five most common
excuses scapegoats that people use for circle and if you find other ones
these are the biggest buckets because i didn't want to have 100 things
here but the big three buckets are circumstances others itself right but
they manifest with time in multiple ways and i'll show you how value
price money etc fit i'm a special snowflake others which is i don't have
the authority to make the decision and then finally self which is what
if i just don't make the decision let some let life make it for me right

31 00:30:00.000 --\> 00:31:00.000 avoidance stall you go from surface
level to core and as a side note you should never get stuck on the stuff
near the top and ideally you should really never get stuck anywhere on
this equation if the person wants what you have and you truly believe in
what you have to help them and i mean that like if you understand this
thoroughly you can walk someone towards helping themselves okay this is
what they look like or this is what they sound like in reality not a
good not a good time right now i'm really busy right that's time can't
afford it too expensive fit not sure if it's for me i hate broccoli i
can't do a plan with broccoli right i can't do a plan where i have to dm
people every day it's against my brand i'm poor but it's against my
bread right authority have to talk to my partner spouse i have to talk
to somebody who has more power than me it's funny because when you start
thinking this way it sounds silly and then avoidance i need to think
about it clearly let's think about it now all right and so i told you i
want you to think about the principles behind these

32 00:31:00.000 --\> 00:32:00.000 things not memorize you've got
circumstances you've got other people and you have yourself and we drill
down so quick test who here is physically in the room raise your set
wonderful arms are working we're rocking so here's my ask raise your
hand if you or your prospects present with this distortion so who here
is a time person i'm busy it's not a good time maybe in the future
anyone deal with these sometimes it's yourself totally so i'm also going
to tell you a secret about this i think the reason i got pretty decent
at logical arguments is because i am inherently skeptical and i will
paralyze myself from not doing anything unless i have really sound
reasons to do it and i realized that i couldn't move forward and make
any progress in my life until i had these frameworks to think through
these hard decisions through so i could start taking steps to where
where i wanted to go it took me years to get there and so hopefully i
can give you some keys that help me unlock my own head to get out my own
\[ \_\_ \] way so that you can too and help your clients all right

33 00:32:00.000 --\> 00:33:00.000 so the way i think about time and
there's a lot of overcomes for all of these things what i tried to do is
bunch the three biggest ones that i like to use most frequently and if i
uh veer from like the the bullets on the screen it's because i'm riffing
with you and i'd rather just kind of stay in the flow is that cool okay
fantastic so when you're overcoming this one each of these is kind of a
specific angle that you're attacking it from so macro is like um this is
a busy season for me i've got lots of stuff going on right micro is like
i don't have any time in my day so you're one person saying i've got
lots of \[ \_\_ \] going on one person's like i can't find the time it's
different sounds subtle but it's both about time but in different ways
all right and then the the last one is well when when i have time i'll
start right whichever one is this \[ \_\_ \] horseshit but whatever okay
so as always we never disagree with prospects because you're not in a
fight totally get it totally understand do you think like do you want
this to be something that lasts for the long term

34 00:33:00.000 --\> 00:34:00.000 right it's a question you're like yeah
do you think that you're going to be busy again in the future well yeah
so you want this to last in the long run and you do think you're going
to be busy again in the future well then don't you think it'd be best to
start now when you are busy because if you learn how to do it when
you're busy you'll be able to do it forever if you can only learn it
during a perfect circumstance then you're going to fall off when it gets
busy again and isn't that the time you'd want to have the most support
it goes for you guys too that's just number one we got so many lore
right and so when you knock that out the goal is that the person says
well \[ \_\_ \] that's not a good reason you take one step towards the
truth so when you're thinking about it's not like oh i've got to
overcome this one thing and then they'll buy you got to keep peeling and
if you have this framework you understand the direction you're going in
and you can start listening for the oh they're talking about themselves
now i've gotten two layers deeper right so that's seasonal micro you
can't tell someone in a sale hey take out your phone take out your hours
by week pull it up oh look 22

35 00:34:00.000 --\> 00:35:00.000 hours on social media this week you've
got time so you say it differently you say you know what i had the same
issue and i used to complain all the time about like how i didn't have
time to to be successful and do things i needed to do and my wife got so
sick and tired of me saying this she pulled my phone out and she was
like look i guess i just found your time didn't i i was like oh \[ \_\_
\] and you can say it that way and then a prospect feels better does
anybody here feel like they don't have time right and the first thing
that any program is going to do if it's a good program is going to cut
out the 90 of the \[ \_\_ \] that you are doing which is causing you to
feel overwhelmed which is probably the real reason you feel like you
don't have time jeff bezos at the same time you do right it's just what
are the things that you're doing that he's not it's not about adding \[
\_\_ \] to your plate it's about removing stuff that's not working
because clearly everything you're doing that's filling your time is not
making you more money so you're doing the wrong \[ \_\_ \] so there's
gonna be plenty of time because all the stuff you're doing now is not
working right it sounds simple but that's the reason right so we want
macro grow when then

36 00:35:00.000 --\> 00:36:00.000 hey in the future when i've got time
i'll totally sign up for your program right anyone heard this one anyone
say this one right and again you wanna you wanna empathize you don't say
like ah that's \[ \_\_ \] you say totally understand that's i was stuck
like this for years if you can step in their shoes you're not attacking
them you actually go from the inside out you step into their self and
then you walk them through the epiphany that you experienced and it
doesn't feel judgmental it feels helpful that make sense i used to feel
the same way right and i found this out actually from jason fladley and
he was when he told me this it's a it's a logical fallacy it's called
the one then fallacy which is why it's how i remember it and the one
then fallacy simply states when i have x then i will do y but it flips
sequence so it's like when i get better i will go to the hospital sorry
there's just so many like hilarious ones about like money and stuff like
i will start saving money once i'm rich like all right the thing is is
that we do this right we do this

37 00:36:00.000 --\> 00:37:00.000 i'll pay for the program that'll make
me more money when i have more money that's the point of the program
i'll pay for the program that'll help me get a six-pack once i have a
six-pack once i have more time which the program's gonna help me you
know i'm saying like it's just it doesn't make it's a fallacy and so
what that means is it's a distortion it's not real and so the goal of
having these high-stakes conversations is simply showing people we're
not attacking we're just walking them through and be like do you realize
that this is holding you back and i know this better than anyone because
i'm a skeptical \[ \_\_ \] the reason i can do all these logical things
is because i'm the first person i'd overcome right and you might be too
so once we attack time from these three angles depends which one they
present with if they present with one and then move to the next you can
knock all three out you'll probably find some that that make the most
sense to you but the thing here is it's not about memorization you just
got to get it macro you're always going to be busy won't you want the
most help when you are busy so they can stick forever yes time my wife
showed me my phone

38 00:37:00.000 --\> 00:38:00.000 turns out i got \[ \_\_ \] time but
the reality is it's not about what i am doing it's about the stuff i got
to stop doing and that's what i help you with right this isn't scripting
this is just understanding it right and then when then it's a fallacy
it's a distortion it's not real and then just use two crazy examples
like once i have money then i'll save money when i'm rich right it's
just like ridiculous okay so what do we do one reason down and we're
getting closer to the core right right so who here is somebody who's
like i can't afford it it's too expensive or has heard this from a
prospect i was like i better see everybody's hands especially if you're
selling high ticket which hopefully you get a gasp so these are the four
frameworks that i think through there's a million like money closes but
these are the ones that i like the most and that that to me resonate the
best right and so why a lot is good is kind of like my my first one here
and so the reason that if someone gasps or think that this is a lot of
money you just ask

39 00:38:00.000 --\> 00:39:00.000 them is this a lot of money to you and
they're gonna say yeah if they say no then you're like awesome buy it
and if they say yes right and if they say yes then you're like that's
the exact reason why you're going to be successful because there's other
people who buy this thing and you know what they're not all in on it but
the question is do you want to draw the lawn in the sand and go all in
do you want to step over the line and be the person you want to be
because i can tell you that this is not about whether this works not
i've already proven that the question is whether you work or not and so
if you put more on the line then you have a higher likelihood of being
successful so you should be the last person to be worried about this i'm
more excited because the best stories are always coming from people like
you in your exact situation so don't let that be a reason not to do it
that should be the reason to do it so the next one is like why is this
not a lot so first is the fact that it's a lot for you is good it means
you're going to try hard the second was like well it's a lot in terms of
absolute amount but relative amount it's very little right because if
all this does is add ten thousand dollars a month to your income is it
worth it if all this does is get

40 00:39:00.000 --\> 00:40:00.000 you into a bikini is it worth it yeah
and so then what happens and the reason that this is a stepping process
right is that we're we're just taking these objections out of the way so
we can get the person to confront reality not a distortion they've
created because the reality is the thing they're afraid of and so what
happens is when they say yeah if it did that it would be worth it right
the problem is they don't believe you right and so it's like great then
it's not about the price it's about whether you believe me so you can
sidestep it does that make sense we're taking a step closer and then
obviously you can use a comparison you know depending on what you're
selling if you can price anchor with like well here they don't have a
four-year degree for doing online fitness that's why the alternative
education industry exists and it's because the formal education has
failed most of us right anybody graduated here with a four-year degree
anyone immediately be able to use that for your degree to get leads make
sales no me neither right and what's crazy is that some of

41 00:40:00.000 --\> 00:41:00.000 these degrees are 50 100 200 000 and
take four years when you've got something that can help you make make
that entire amount of money in half the time right for a tenth of the
price when you think about it like that frame it's actually a great deal
does that make sense so you just frame it you have to give context all
right so number one is the fact that it's a lot for you is good it means
you're actually going to try number two is if it does what we say it's
going to do the value is there so that's not actually what you're
opposed to which then we can take the next step all right number three
is what's money good for anyways this is actually one of my favorite
lines of reasoning for a variety of reasons and i'll get to it when
you're looking at a prospect or looking at yourself you're going to
spend this money either way over the next 12 months you're going to
spend it right and in fact not only are you going to spend it you're
going to buy the program the question is whether you're going to pay for
it money or pay for it in time and so like you can learn every single

42 00:41:00.000 --\> 00:42:00.000 lesson that's in this program whether
it's losing weight you know getting leads selling online whatever it is
right you're going to learn these lessons but do you want it to take 12
weeks or 12 years and the question is are you going to be able to live a
thousand lifetimes because of the thousand people that we've helped just
like you and gathered all those lessons and put them together so you
don't have to do the trial and error for that entire period of time so
the question is not whether you're going to buy it or not it's just how
do you want to pay and so for me this is a personal note and i'll
probably say it at the end but like the reason it'll move quickly
through life is that i will buy other people's mistakes because it's
just it's the only way you can buy time in this life is to buy the
knowledge to take less time from other people who have taken their time
and like if you think about human civilization in general edison took
however long to make a light bulb and then we just bought the lesson
from him and now we have light bulbs right and the next guy figures out
the next thing and then we just buy the lesson from him and that's how
we have to move faster so you're going to spend the money either way the
question is 12 months from now is it going to be on

43 00:42:00.000 --\> 00:43:00.000 \[ \_\_ \] that didn't get you
anywhere or stuff that is going to get you somewhere and no matter what
you're buying you're buying the program you're just gonna pay time
you're gonna pay with money and if we're being real you've probably been
paying for time the last six years how's that working for you do you
want to do more of that this is also this is a this is a classic one
it's a very easy one to remember but like who here knows the difference
between a self-made billionaire when they had nothing and where you're
at right now if you have nothing zero they both you're both broke they
were broke you're broke whatever it is that's where you're at right now
the only difference is that that proves that if they were successful it
wasn't about the resources they had it's about how resourceful they were
so i'll tell you a quick story about this so anyone here read uh shoe
dog right the story of nike so in the story he talks about how he was
about to lose everything multiple times it's a crazy story and this time
it was like it was it was going to go down like it wasn't going to
happen and he needed a tremendous amount

44 00:43:00.000 --\> 00:44:00.000 of money and he just didn't have it
he'd extend all his credit lines the banks wouldn't do it and the next
lenders they canceled on him and the company's going to fold because he
was growing too fast at that point he could have just given up and said
there's nothing i can do i backs out all my cards i maxed it on my banks
there's literally nothing i can do and his people already worked for
free they're like we can't do this anymore he went to his vendors and
said you need to pay my payroll for me he went to his vendors anybody
use like landing page software anyone uh anyone use something from a
vendor right it's like going to that guy like going to your videographer
me like listen you gotta pay payroll for me this uh this month because
otherwise i'm not gonna be able to keep doing business with you because
i'll be out of business resourceful not resources and the reason this is
so important is because when you have nothing it's the easiest excuse to
give yourself because you're like well i have nothing that's why i can't
it's like of course but every self-made millionaire and every self-made
billionaire was self-made and they started with nothing which puts them
the exact same seat you are so the question is do you want to have power

45 00:44:00.000 --\> 00:45:00.000 or do you want to not have power when
you have power you're resourceful in our resources right and so if we
want to make these decisions that are going to help ourselves we need to
step into that and so when you're talking to your prospects it's the
same thing right does that make sense okay rocking i mean you can drill
deeper into this is like do you think there's anyone else who's been in
your situation who's achieved this or maybe worse than your situation
the answer is yes and if they can why can't you right so we're taking
steps closer you guys digging this okay cool oh thanks okay thanks i
wasn't sure if it was rapt attention or sheer boredom so we're not you
feel do you feel what progress you're making like the person presents
this is i don't have time this thing shit's busy blah blah and you're
like no no we're gonna take one step closer like you know what but i i
don't have the money or it's too expensive you're like well if you don't
have the money you're gonna be successful it's

46 00:45:00.000 --\> 00:46:00.000 worth it right yes i understand why
it's worth it well you don't need money to begin with right you got to
be resourceful and you can find the money because i'll ask you this is a
fun one for business owners who here has had an unexpected bill ever
come up taxes right yeah and then all okay so everyone here is still
alive who raised their hands who here was able to magically pull money
out of their ass and figure out a way to do it raise your hand here's
what's crazy you have the ability to be resourceful when it's for
someone else and not for you it's because you choose to be powerful when
someone else needs it but not for yourself \[ \_\_ \] up right so stop
doing that if you function like you have to make payroll tomorrow and
like you you're back on rent you're going to get kicked out you think
differently and if instead of paying

47 00:46:00.000 --\> 00:47:00.000 your landlord you're paying you
because that's what you want to do it shifts internally because
everyone's here just proved the fact that you can be resourceful when
you choose to be so just choose to be so number three is it's not sure
it's a fit for me so besides the obvious ones which is like i don't want
to work out broccoli sucks i i can't do a program where where i i can't
do cardio whatever the \[ \_\_ \] right um like i said i don't want to
do dms i don't want to post on instagram i don't want to have a facebook
group whatever right whatever the \[ \_\_ \] is all right i'm not sure
if the vehicle is a fit for me so usually you can overcome the easy ones
but if someone is just really sticking hard these are the three that i
use to shift perspective okay so this one is new identity new priorities
so it's good to have cues for these things which is like we vote with
our dollars about the things that we care about and if you show me what
someone is spending their money and their time on i can tell you what
their future is and i'll tell you an interesting story so um i had
somebody who was just like

48 00:47:00.000 --\> 00:48:00.000 you who was like you know what i don't
want to do this either and i told her this story can i tell you it yes
and this is what you'd say to the prospect right so i was with layla and
we went to sephora which is a makeup store and i show up like this oh i
feel welcome and so we're standing there she's doing something and i
usually stay in the corner like this um and i saw these two little girls
they might have been like i don't know girl age so like 12 to 15 this
like this this and they were like giggly and so excited and they had
like the girl with the smock came over was like helping her out helping
them out and she was like okay this is like eyeliner and this is
lipstick and this is whatever blush um i'm just like using words i've
heard this is how you paint your face and the thing is the girls were
like so excited and then they were like right before they left she was
like girls she's like you have to remember like now that you're getting
older and you're becoming a woman you need to start budging for

49 00:48:00.000 --\> 00:49:00.000 this stuff all right so you're gonna
start buying this every month all right so like remember you got to save
some money for this so you can have it and the girls were so excited
that they were like yes like we're becoming women now and these are the
things that women do it's because when you have new identity you have
new priorities and so you've had priorities that are aligned with your
old identity right there's the you that goes out that you the drinks the
you that does the blah blah blah spends money on \[ \_\_ \] you
shouldn't do spends time on \[ \_\_ \] you shouldn't be spending time on
and there's the you that you want to be and so right now we can draw the
line in the sand and be like do you want to keep walking down the road
that you have been walking and if you don't then you have to step into a
new identity and with that new identity comes new priorities because
people who want to be rich spend money on themselves they spend money on
education they invest in their skill sets because i want to align my
identity with the identity of those who came before me who've done the
things i want to do right and just like those little girls stepping into
that identity we too must step into the identity that we want to be does
that make sense and so when you're talking to somebody who's trying to
lose weight and they're

50 00:49:00.000 --\> 00:50:00.000 like i can't afford a gym membership
and you're like girl you're spending 200 bucks on your nails and you've
got a thousand dollar outfit on do you think another thousand dollar
outfit would make you look better or your high school weight right do
you think another thousand dollar outfit would make you look better or
being rich as \[ \_\_ \] and i say that for those of you who are
thinking about on the money side right like you waste my i like some of
you guys have bigger shoe collections than like it's like fitness like
fitness people and shoes it's like the weird like and lululemon and the
you know spandex it's like a hundreds pieces anyways so it's like your
whole wardrobe could be consolidated into a skill that could buy you as
many wardrobes as you want if you chose to right okay rock it i don't
like this certain aspect this is one of my favorite easiest ones to hit
which is like you got to change the change right what you have been
doing has been

51 00:50:00.000 --\> 00:51:00.000 getting what you've been getting and
you got to change the change because like i remember i would go through
meal plans with people and they'd be like well can we change this
because this is what i eat for breakfast can we just can we make that to
breakfast and i'm like that breakfast makes you look like you
\[Laughter\] that way you spend your first four hours of the day makes
your bank account looks like what it does look like oh right right
taking steps right we're getting closer to the truth and so the thing is
is that it's going to hurt to change because change hurts and you've
heard this one probably from tony robinson if you haven't the question
is whether the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of
change unless we just ask someone and this is in the help part if
someone's like the pain of staying the same is not worse than this
change it's like then girlfriend like gain 50 more pounds and come back
you know what i mean like get there i mean hit rock bottom this isn't it
for you i'm being real some people rock bottom is 12 body fat

52 00:51:00.000 --\> 00:52:00.000 some people it's 500 pounds but
everyone's got one you just got to know where yours is and all you
really got to do is just move what rock bottom is for you which is kind
of interesting because you start making a change here which is kind of
interesting like interesting as a thought but are you in enough pain is
the question you ask the person so for those of you who are unwilling to
make a change because it feels contrary to like i don't want to do i
don't want to seem salesy i don't want to i don't want to help people
like whatever right like is your current situation more painful than the
change that you will have to go through or experience to get to where
you want to go and so the last one is hypothetical i actually really
love this this is a great framework overall for overcoming lots of
different obstacles um or objections that present themselves but the
hypothetical there's lots of ways of phrasing this which is like you've
probably heard the unicorn clothes you probably heard like if this were
perfect would you do it i on a scale from one to ten where would this
program be if 10 was amazing and one was terrible what you know where is
this they say a number and you say cool what would make it a 10 why
isn't a one like you guys heard this scripting before so you guys are
like no please talk slower

53 00:52:00.000 --\> 00:53:00.000 um the reason i said we have to learn
the principles behind it rather than memorizing the script is that it
all is based on one thing which is hypothetical which is if this were
perfect would you do it because you get a hypothetical agreement and
they say yes if it were the thing is if you're like if this were perfect
would you do it if someone says no then you're like girl okay like let's
take five steps back does my breath smell yeah because the thing is
they've actually told you a lot there it's like it has nothing to do
with the stuff you're talking about they don't trust you and now we can
talk about that right so it's a great question to frame like where are
we and so it's like if this were perfect would you do it sometimes
they'll laugh if you ever pour the left they'll say yes right and so
then you get to flip it and say then what's different between perfect
and what we've got the thing is is that people are very hard they don't
actually know how to generate making a program because they're not going
to like know all the things you can deliver on the spot right and so
they're like most of the time they'll be like i don't know you're like
right well because it sounds like it's nothing to the program it's all
about to do with you so let's talk

54 00:53:00.000 --\> 00:54:00.000 about that right and all of a sudden
boom one step closer to the truth does that make sense yeah yeah all
right and that's why we do hypotheticals so if it were perfect what's
missing and then if you can if it's if they do give you an answer and
they're like i just don't want to do broccoli and you're like i'd do
green beans would you do it they're like yeah you're like great green
means it is sign here right like something you would be \[ \_\_ \]
amazed how many times \[ \_\_ \] like that happened so it's like one
crazy thing it's like well if we didn't have that would you do it like
oh yeah sure where were you 10 minutes ago right and that's how you do
hypothetical okay we're making we're making progress still with me still
digging okay cool authority all right this is one of my favorite fake
and so this one instead of having three i really just have like one very
good statement of reasoning that you should understand okay this is real
\[ \_\_ \] so this is more of a process than it is

55 00:54:00.000 --\> 00:55:00.000 anything else but the spouse or
decision maker is not there right now note for you guys a lot of you
guys have had the opportunity to go talk to a spouse but a lot of you
guys don't have that in your business right like spouse ain't there and
they leave they're not coming back right where they are but very small
percentage don't wait for it okay so what we have to do is try and
sidestep it by isolating the objection and casting aside the partner
because the partner's not there so how could they object to anything
they don't even \[ \_\_ \] know who you are right and so the idea is and
again this is assuming if you have a really long term thing then you
want the partner to be there right like ideally that's what you have but
if you don't have the opportunity then you got to go through the next
step all right which is what do you think they wouldn't like and then
they will tell you and then you just overcome the thing which has
nothing to do with the spouse because spouse isn't there right very easy
side step does that make sense this works really well it's like why
wouldn't they what's like cause they don't want me to fail whoa they
don't want you to fail let's talk about you

56 00:55:00.000 --\> 00:56:00.000 and so this is the process that i walk
through do they approve of your current struggle they happy that you're
struggling no okay then why would they not approve of something that's
going to fix something they already don't approve of right they're not
happy with how you're currently doing why would they be against
something that's already making them unhappy right right well let me ask
you this and their paws like if the rules were reversed and your husband
needed this to make what he wants his dreams happen or your wife needed
this program to make her dreams happen would you support her then why
wouldn't you support you right right and i think the real problem that
we're dealing with here and this is the kicker is for everybody is that
you're asking for permission instead of support because it is your life
not theirs and what happens is if you give that power to them and then
two years from now you're still

57 00:56:00.000 --\> 00:57:00.000 fat you're still poor whatever it is
who are you going to blame them and so that's when you have a resentful
marriage because you didn't own your \[ \_\_ \] and so i'm not saying
you shouldn't like explain the decision to them but the way you explain
to them is what i just said which is if i don't do this for me i'm going
to end up resenting you and i don't want that and instead of me bitching
to you every day about how we don't have money or about how i don't like
my body i'm now doing this and i'm joining a group of support of
community of people just like me and crazy enough for some reason
doctors go to college right right that makes sense they go to medical
school lawyers go to law school but where do entrepreneurs go there's no
entrepreneur school no one teaches the stuff but it turns out there are
people who teach it just for this specific industry and i can take
failures of a thousand people and pack it into a year and it's one-tenth
the price of a four-year degree right and so instead of whining to you

58 00:57:00.000 --\> 00:58:00.000 what i commit to is i'm gonna show up
and be a better husband a better wife a better partner i'm not gonna \[
\_\_ \] to you about the stuff because i'm gonna take this seriously i'm
gonna go all in and i'm not asking you permission i'm just asking for
your support all right that's how you can overcome it because i'm be
real with you it is about them and you have to believe that like you
can't say this unless you believe it because like you will you save
marriages by showing people that they're the ones in control because if
they keep saying my husband's not gonna let me buy a weight loss program
what do you think she's secretly saying i can't believe you won't let me
do it right if that's real if she's using it as a foil you side said be
good to self right but that might be the real thing and if that is the
thing then you have to let them step into that and that's where you know
having that's where like having a three-day no-sweat guarantee or
something like that is also helpful it's like hey sign up and i use i
use a lot of rapport and humor in my selling and so i'd be like hey
cindy if you sign up and you tell your husband and he's upset

59 00:58:00.000 --\> 00:59:00.000 you have and when he sees you he's
like girl i don't want you to get in shape i want you to stay overweight
i want you to put those sweatpants on i want you sit on that couch reach
your hand a bag of cheetos put the the cheetos fingers on there i want
you to create generational unhealth i want you to live 10 years less
long i want you to see our grandkids i don't want that right i want to
marry a younger better you sooner because you're going to have a heart
attack if he says that to you you have him calm and then they're like
cracking up and you're like okay okay listen sign up three day no sweat
like if he if he does tell you that he just wants you to be out of shape
and never leave him because uh because he's once you get too hot because
he's insecure if he says that um yeah just let me know all right so like
the whole time you're just joking and stuff but the three-day guarantee
helps like nudge a lot of these people over is that cool you guys get
that one okay sweet and so that goes for you right like it's it's about
support not permission that's the bottom line right support not
permission because otherwise you're

60 00:59:00.000 --\> 01:00:00.000 going to blame them for your lack of
dreams being realized rather than blaming the person it should which is
you all right so this is avoidance now we're getting to the core we've
gotten rid of time we know that you've got time and the best time to do
it is today because you're going to be busy forever right value we know
that you can't afford it if you can't afford it you'll buy it if you
can't afford it's a great reason to do it and if the value is there then
there's no reason not to because it'll pay for itself right what's money
good for anyways you're gonna pay for the program regardless you wanna
pay less time or more time value's not a problem fit you got to step
into an identity right you've got to be willing to change and the
question is just whether the pain that you're experiencing is less than
the pain of the change that takes to experience the next thing right if
they step into that they're good because it's not about resources it's
about resourcefulness so fit's not an issue authority they have to own
it it's about support not permission we all here do you feel like we've
peeled the layers back on your prospects

61 01:00:00.000 --\> 01:01:00.000 and they're just laid bare naked there
just you've solicited the sale now you got to close all right avoidance
so now they're like wait what do you think about it so now that we've
exhausted i'm putting this as emphasis we've exhausted all outside
reasons now we're finally talking to someone in power and that is what a
good coach does we don't make decisions for people we help them make
decisions so here's i have to think about it not sure give me a hand
who's dealt with somebody who says things that way all right at least
one person here i'm kidding all you guys did you guys are great so this
is how i divide this up past present future and so hopefully this should
already before i dive into these give you simple frameworks to work
through time you've got macro micro when then right you've got you got
value you're thinking about it's not a lot of money even if it were a
lot of money it's not a lot of money you're going to pay for it either
way but you have the simple frameworks that you can walk through you
might just hit them with one and if they hit it with again give them the
other angle because they're logical frameworks they're not scripts
that's

62 01:01:00.000 --\> 01:02:00.000 why i made them bubbles you don't have
to memorize it just gotta understand it past so like i need to think
about it and so the thing is and this the first bubble there is if
someone's like i feel like this is happening so fast can we get that one
like i just i just got on the phone with you i don't really know who you
are and you're like hey this is not a fast decision right you've been
making this decision for last six years you continually make the
decision all we're doing to say is deciding you're actually going to do
something about it right how long you want to lose weight a long time so
this is not a fast decision at all but the thing is is that and this is
where you go sunk cost so if i were talking to you guys i would say you
find you know you bought tickets because you saw some ad you registered
there you got your flights you got a hotel you blocked the time you flew
here you listened to this whole thing you're six inches from gold this
isn't a fast decision at all you did all these things to get here
because it's important to you so don't let that distortion stop you from
getting what you want right it's fear right let's face that what are you

63 01:02:00.000 --\> 01:03:00.000 afraid of having happen which by the
way i took the slide out but my two favorite questions to ask in a in a
sale that i feel like are the fastest to cut through is what are you
most afraid of having happen if you buy what are you most afraid of
what's the worst thing that you envision in your mind and if they're not
sure i just fill in the bikes i'm like i take your credit card i swipe
over as much as i possibly can i go to vegas i put it all on black and
then i go to monaco where they can't extradite me fair enough and
they're like i was not thinking that and you're like right so what's the
worst you know like what's what's the real thing like and then they're
like you know i just have bought so many programs before you're like
right let's talk about that right and so i'm gonna skip one forward and
then i'm gonna go back to it this is one of my favorite obstacle or
objection overcomes it's i call don't let it burn you twice and this
literally you can see the date it happened yesterday this girl texted me
or messed april 6th she said it's crazy to think that i had a sales call
with you six years ago and i'm kicking myself in the butt for not
jumping on

64 01:03:00.000 --\> 01:04:00.000 this is yesterday right like i don't
even know the company anymore and i said you let a bad decision burn you
twice once when you made your poor investment but a second time when you
let that bad investment stop you from a good investment it would be like
anybody ever have a boyfriend or girlfriend in middle school or high
school that they're not currently married to anyone just like just come
on help me out here okay it would be like having a bad eighth grade
boyfriend or girlfriend and being like you know what men aren't for me
all coaches suck right there's good coaches there's bad coaches there's
crazy ass \[ \_\_ \] and there's crazy ass dudes you know what i mean
like there's also good ones and some things if you stop if you let the
bad one prevent you from the good one you get burned by being with the
bad one and because you let the bad one control your next decision right
and so when someone has had a bad experience with doing keto or whatever
the \[ \_\_ \] right or you had a bad experience with some program that
you did or did not do or they didn't fulfill whatever either way don't
let that burn you twice because no

65 01:04:00.000 --\> 01:05:00.000 matter what you're gonna have to do
you're gonna have to do these actions whether you're part of the program
or not you gotta do these workouts where you're part of the program or
not it doesn't matter you're gonna have to do it so you might as well do
it but somebody can get you there faster right let me go back one real
quick so it's not a fast decision and this is another one that i love
which is do you think that you're maybe in this position because you
have struggled to make a decision in the past you have waffled when it
came time to make to make the hard call have you been in this
conversation and said no before yeah do you think that's why you're here
yeah do you think that might be the reason you should change that yeah
okay let's change it one decision change your life and the last one is
like are you tired of another year of almost right tied another year of
almost hitting your goals of almost getting to 10k a month of of almost
you know hiring the team that you wanted of almost retiring your your
wife or husband or almost moving into the neighborhood that you wanted
to move into or almost being able to pay for your kids recreational
sports rather than not being able to because you can't afford it

66 01:05:00.000 --\> 01:06:00.000 you're tired of another year of almost
well if you're tired of another you're almost and we can't do what we're
doing to get here for another year because we're gonna get another year
almost and so the question isn't what it costs you but how much has it
cost you to not decide up to this point right the cost of inaction and i
think that when we think about our lives in reverse we never regret the
things that we did we regret the things we didn't do the opportunities
that we let pass by and i think that if you can let that person step
into that power they will make the decision to help themselves like this
person did not all right present so depends on what you're talking to
someone's talking about past stuff then you deal with the past stuff the
second frame for avoidance is present which is they just don't know how
to make a \[ \_\_ \] decision right and so you have to help them make a
decision and so this one the rocking chair is one that i just for some
reason have used a tremendous amount of time especially when i'm selling
weight loss is to be like i just really really need to think about it
like totally understand well let's walk through like what that looks
like you're not gonna like go home sit in the rocking chair you know
smoke

67 01:06:00.000 --\> 01:07:00.000 a cigarette because of course you're
not healthy yet right you'll quit when you're healthy right you're
smoking your cigarette you're like hmm am i gonna do this weight loss
program right you just sit there and stare into the clouds like i wonder
no of course you get in your car and then you're gonna realize you got
to pick up timmy from soccer practice you got to get groceries you got
to cook you got to clean you got to pick up you know go do laundry gotta
do all these things right and then three four five days from now you're
gonna put on that old pair of jeans and it's not gonna fit and you're
like \[ \_\_ \] and just there you'll have made the decision you'll keep
living your life and so let's just make it now because the reality is
that it doesn't take information to make decisions so it doesn't take
time to make decisions it takes information and i'm the only source of
information you got so let's talk i'm here i'm here for you let's do it
right because that's the fallacy is that people think they need more
time to make decisions because they assume they will get more
information in that time but if you are the source of the information
then time does not help them and so let's confront it now and let me
answer the questions you have to make

68 01:07:00.000 --\> 01:08:00.000 the decision one way or another does
that make sense all right and so then they're like well then \[ \_\_ \]
how do i make a decision you're like glad you asked so there's three
things that we got to understand do you believe that this product or
service is going to help you achieve what you want yes or no they're
going to say yes right if they don't you can confront it note all of
these are confronting decisions so we've moved all the way down the
onion right we're at truth now and all like the theme of the of the last
bullet is confrontation we have to confront the decision we got to peel
it back and be like are we going to do this or not right because we
already got out the time we got out the fit we got out the sp we got
everything out of the way it's just you do you think that this is going
to help you get closer to your goals yes or no two do you trust me to
fill to fulfill my word that i said i'm going to help you i'm going to
do these calls i'm going to do these workouts i'm going to do whatever
right three this is the mo probably the most important one do you think
it'll work for you and if they say no you say why not and then they have
to defend why not

69 01:08:00.000 --\> 01:09:00.000 and then it's very easy at that point
it's a six inch putt all right and once they say yes to all three which
is usually what will happen they're like cool we'll make the decision
together you know how to make the decision they'll say no you go through
the three the last question is they said yes yes yes it's just do you
have or have access to the amount of money to get started do you have
the amex do i want to help you enroll in an mx cause i wanna i wanna
help you i'm good either way but if you believe that this is going to
help you get closer you believe that what i'm saying is true and you
believe that you can be successful it's my moral obligation to get you
going and do everything in my power to help you get the money or get
access to it because the real world is if i was giving you a ferrari
right now for five thousand dollars you'd find the money if your
landlord needed you to come up with ten thousand dollars because you had
background in payroll you'd find the money so find the money let's do it
right three who wants to make informed decisions yes how can you make an
informed decision if you haven't even tried it huh so this is when you
have some element of trial in the program or some

70 01:09:00.000 --\> 01:10:00.000 sort of guarantee which is why i'm a
big fan of guarantees it's like well you can't make the decision to buy
that's informed until you're on the inside so i'm not even asking you to
make a decision right now i'm just actually making an informed decision
which you can only do on the inside and if after 30 days i'm not what i
said this product doesn't do what i told you i didn't fulfill my promise
and you don't think it's gonna work for you you let me know i'll give
you the money back low pressure you get someone to decide but not
deciding even easier that make sense think that'll help you close yeah
all right and then uh this one is i it depends on who you're selling to
but sometimes if you have a logical person it's like do you know what
deciding even means like where the etymology of the work comes from it's
d cadere which is latin which means to cut off to kill off and so the
question is which future are we killing off today are we killing off the
future of the dreams that you want are we killing off the future sorry
are we killing off the future

71 01:10:00.000 --\> 01:11:00.000 of of not doing anything and the life
that you've lived up to this point because indecision is a decision
inaction is an active decision right and so it's just which one are we
killing today we kill your dreams we clean your past second last one
future so we talked about past so if they're thinking about the past
things that hurt them don't burn you twice etc right they don't know how
to make a decision rocking chair this is how you make a decision three
things you've accessed the money great let's get going you want to kill
your past you want to kill your future right awesome we're talking about
the future this is actually magnifying pain which is cool you got here
it's been five years you've been struggling how's another five years
sound what if we just keep doing let's go with indecision let's look at
it what is five years of you doing what you've been doing look like and
is that a place you want to be no you got to change the change let's do
it right and then you go right into let's consider the options which is
like like this is logic right so let's consider the options

72 01:11:00.000 --\> 01:12:00.000 option one you do the thing you get
the result life is awesome option two you don't do the thing you don't
get the result because you didn't do the thing option three you do the
thing but then you don't get the result all these are the options that
can happen in front of you because we have a guarantee they're all
risk-free except for one of them only one of them has a true guarantee
of not getting you where you want which is walking out the door so which
risk-free option you want the one that's risk-free that guarantees that
you're not going to get there or the one that's risk-free and has the
potential to get you where you want to go right that's not an emotional
close it's logic and if you have an offer that's set up that way you
should be able to close most people as long as they don't think you're
an \[ \_\_ \] right okay this is one that's more around urgency because
again this is avoidance if someone says i'm still not sure i want to
think about it more or whatever you say well you're not going to
struggle forever right like you don't want to struggle forever you're
going to do something about this whether it's weight loss business
whatever they're going to say yes

73 01:12:00.000 --\> 01:13:00.000 you're like well if you're going to
fix your business eventually you might as well start fixing it now so
you can start enjoying the fruits of that labor sooner would you prefer
making more money faster or slower what's your preference great so if
you're going to do it eventually you might as well do it now so it makes
sense it's a little nudge this is a final one that i just really like
from a framing perspective which is instead of like this has to be my
savior this program has to get me to an ifbb pro bikini body and i'm 100
pounds overweight probably not realistic right reframing the question is
do you think that making the decision is going to be help you get closer
or further from your goal that's it because if we keep making decisions
that keep getting us closer we will get there eventually but if we make
decisions that get us further away we will not get there and so do you
think that this is going to get you closer to your goal than what you're
currently doing yes what are we waiting for we don't need to be snipers
we need to be directionally right we do that long enough we'll get

74 01:13:00.000 --\> 01:14:00.000 there does that make sense that helps
you too because we have this fear of perfectionism is this gonna be the
one probably not but it will get you \[ \_\_ \] way closer right so i
can tell you there's no one program that changed my life but the
decision to buy education changed my life forever does that make sense
all right boom and so let me look at the top we have no reasons left not
to own the power that you have it's just you all right and here's bonus
number six and you can use this as one of like there's some clothes that
you use all the time you always go back to right the reason you are
telling yourself not to do this is the reason you do it how long do you
want i can't afford this to be on your list of problems in life the fact
that you don't have time is the very reason you need to do this the fact
that you're so dependent on your spouse is the reason you need to take
this decision and own it right the fact that you're not sure about the
person that you want to be is the very reason that we're going to help
you get it in this program so whatever the

75 01:14:00.000 --\> 01:15:00.000 reason is is usually the biggest chain
that you're holding on to is the thing that you're enslaving yourself to
is the thing that you're casting your power to if you break that chain
power comes back to you and so the very reason that you're holding
yourself back is typically the very reason that you need to do it so
hopefully this helps you realize that you and your clients are always in
complete power did i accomplish that awesome thank you and like i
promised at the beginning my hope is that you become more powerful by
making decisions rather than letting life make them for you all right so
here's a few final thoughts fortunes are created by taking a lot of risk
with a little bit of money fortunes are maintained by taking a little
bit of risk with a lot of money and every one of those people that was
self-made takes a lot of risk a little bit of money and sometimes you
need to take that step because it's the only way to build the fortune
all right and if everything that i've ever made in my life sorry
everything that i've made in my

76 01:15:00.000 --\> 01:16:00.000 life is the result of investing in my
own education it has gotten me far higher returns than any stock any
real estate any crypto right any whatever by a mile and people say like
it's all about investing yourself like i just i think it sounds
amorphous it's like buy experience and skills because no government can
take that from you no divorce can take that from you nothing can take
that from you and i come from a family where so we're persian and so my
my parents had to flee iran during the revolution and so they had land
and houses and other stuff right and my uncle was uh the brother to a
guy who started the lottery in iran he owned the lottery because you can
do that there right very rich and so my dad and him he went to london my
dad went to the u.s he had no skills and he was able to just forge
enough money to buy a print shop and he lives

77 01:16:00.000 --\> 01:17:00.000 above the print shop in london and
still to this day that's what he does and went to visit him it was
incredibly sad seeing just like what once once a incred and his wife my
dad gave her a scarf and it was like a nice scarf apparently and she
just bawled she's like i used to have rooms of these and now i have
nothing and blah blah blah right my dad came the united states with a
thousand dollars but because he had skills he built it all from scratch
and so i mean he was a doctor as all middle eastern and indians are um
right doctor lawyer account engineer anyways uh the only four approved
paths but when we say invest in that we come from a place where like it
was literally all taken the government was like that's our house now
that's our land now that bank account is our bank account now and so
that was why it was so and like that might be a benefit for me i had
somebody who's always like it's the only thing no one can take from you
and so why would you not invest in the

78 01:17:00.000 --\> 01:18:00.000 one thing that can never be stolen can
never be taken and compounds with time and it increases your capacity to
make money increases your capacity to live and so i like to think of the
investments that i've made in myself as bricks on a bridge and so if i'm
on the bottom left here and where i want to be is the top right ish
right looking like the nightmare before christmas now you're going like
there are many skills that it takes to cross the bridge right and just
like you have an arithmetic teacher in high school once you learn
calculus you're not like that guy was a load of \[ \_\_ \] calculus is
what no you have to learn things in sequence right and so the thing is
is that we build this bridge it's one brick at a time and i always come
back to the same question which is is this going to get me closer to
where i want to go i don't need it to get me there i just need to get
closer and if i get better i'll get there eventually right as long as i
don't stop moving and so that's why that's that what i've dedicated my
life to education my mission is to document and share the best practice
of building world-class

79 01:18:00.000 --\> 01:19:00.000 companies because when you realize
that you are the source you realize that superman is not coming it's
just you and every decision that you make is a vote towards or against
the person that we want to be and so the question for you is that are
your decisions voting towards the person that you want to become or just
more of what you already have and so people ask me all the time how do
you move so quickly and the answer is i know how to buy time and the
follow-up question is how do you buy time you buy time by buying the
time took other people to make mistakes that taught them the lessons
that's how you do it right that's that's the heck and so right now the
ignorance of not knowing how to create a million dollars a year is
costing you a million dollars a year the fact that you don't know how to
make a million dollars a year is costing you a million dollars a year
think about it right and so therefore you should always be willing to
invest money to increase the capacity for your income because once you
have it that capacity pays you forever you're increasing your ability
does that make sense we're widening the pipe

80 01:19:00.000 --\> 01:20:00.000 and so when i thought about this i
just added zeros to it and i was like it's \[ \_\_ \] costing me a
billion dollars a year not knowing how to make a billion dollars god
right but it's true because the thing the number one tax that no one
appreciates or no one respects is not the tax of the government it's not
capital gains it's not income tax it's the time tax of ignorance someone
asked layla yesterday what's the number one thing that people from 0 to
10k are messing up you don't know what the \[ \_\_ \] you're doing
that's what's messing you up you're ignorant you have no idea you're
eating an orange like an apple no clue right and it's not because you
don't have the processing power it's not because you don't have the
ability to reason it's because you just don't know and so the goal is to
pay down the time tax of ignorance as fast as humanly possible and the
only way you do that is by educating and investing yourself right
specifically investing in experiences that build skills so

81 01:20:00.000 --\> 01:21:00.000 make the decisions that to help
yourself implement like crazy take ownership because we just discovered
that all the other \[ \_\_ \] is not real it is literally a distortion
of reality that anything that you give your power to that's not you is
fake you're making it a false god in your life and your prospects are
too and now you know how to confront those when your mind tries to play
tricks on you and realize that there are no silver bullets no program is
going to save your life all right but some things can move you close to
your goals and when those rare opportunities present themselves take
them all right because either you win or you learn and both of those get
you closer to wherever you want to go all right and so i'll wrap up with
this ten years ago i had to that was me in a swanky uh you know when i
was a consultant looking cool it was actually after i don't even have a
good picture when i was a consultant but there's me in a suit um

82 01:21:00.000 --\> 01:22:00.000 and i i knew i hated the job that i
had um i made okay money but i just like i just really wasn't happy um
and i emailed 40 gym owners i was like hey i think i want to get in
fitness can somebody like help me out one guy was like sure you can work
for free i was like awesome uh that guy was saying back to your and
anybody know who sam bacteria is ray's hand geez okay well seven-figure
sam is what he used to be known as he actually died during covet which
was really sad for me because i really looked up to sam and the thing is
is that when i got to his office i literally drove across the country
from baltimore to l.a or chino hills which is where he was and i showed
up without notice and he was like you're a psychopath i just met you
from the internet i was like i'm here i'm ready to learn he was like i'm
going to lunch and um but right after he came back from lunch he was
like all right so you should join my my mastermind and i was like i
don't have a gym he's like that's okay it was a gym mastermind

83 01:22:00.000 --\> 01:23:00.000 um and i didn't i mean like i was 22
like i did not have a lot of money um and he was like well it's 10 grand
and i was like i i don't know and he's like you need to \[ \_\_ \]
commit man he's like you've been waffling back and forth i had multiple
phone calls with him before i left um he's like i think you need to draw
a line in the sand and thank you god you know thank god he did because i
did take a step over i had no idea what the \[ \_\_ \] i was doing but i
was trying to start paying down the time tax of ignorance and i got
around a whole bunch of other fitness professionals and i learned way
more from all of them than i ever learned from sam but because of that
my belief started to change the ways i saw the world change the traits i
started to embody change and started taking steps the mastermind i got
from sam is not what made me a hundred million dollars but it got me on
the right path towards making it and so if you can make those choices i
think it's these small steps not believing that it's going to be a
savior but believing that it's aligned with where you want to go and
believing

84 01:23:00.000 --\> 01:24:00.000 in yourself that if you keep walking
on this path you'll get there so thank you guys so much \[Applause\]
