https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_33XVdvO4Gc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i remember i was driving back home and
i got this text and it said hey we closed two sales today and there had
been four people who had walked into the business and i had to pull over
to the side of the road because i was i got so emotional i got teary
because it was the first time that someone else had ever sold something
besides me and so that was the first moment when i realized that like
this could become a business that did not require me and if you don't
know who i am my name is alex ramose i own acquisition.com it's a
portfolio of companies that now does about 85 million a year and i have
nothing to sell you and the reason for this video is i want to walk you
through one of the most important steps which is how do you hire
excellent salespeople and how do you recognize great sales people and so
now i've built i can't tell you the amount of team like sales teams that
we've now now built up but i can tell you this video is going to be
specifically about recognizing talent and so um a couple quick
frameworks that i want to go through number one when i started in this
business i took every single sale and it was because i was so afraid
that somebody would waste the opportunity so if you have that fear i
understand where

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 you're coming from second when i had my
first sale that was not me i i just had this emotional breakdown so i
was like oh my god this could actually happen and i promise you if you
haven't had it happen yet you will when it does because you realize that
this business can actually work without you and other people can make it
rain too right and then i'll tell you a quick story that'll illustrate
the next point that i'm going to make so as i you know hired some sales
people now that first salesperson were they exceptional no but they were
able to get the job done later on i had my first kind of like killer um
and his name was mauro negretti and he uh he came in i don't know a year
or two into the business a year into the business and he so quickly was
able to assume the sales role and to show you how laughable this is he
started and i was about to start training him and some lady walked in
the door and i was like hey man like i can take he's like no i'm good
he's like go do your thing he's like finish nutrition accountability
okay i'll figure it out and he ended up closing this first lady

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 who walked in the door for a paid in
full and i remember walking in like completely dumbstruck i was like he
didn't even know what the pitch was but she walked out giggling happy so
excited to start and what that moment taught me was that it is good to
train sales people but it's better to take great sales people and then
just point them in a direction and so this has informed a lot of the
thinking that i have around talent in general and i'll tell you a couple
of frameworks that have informed this but like if you look at harvard
harvard doesn't produce the smartest people they select the smartest
people and then they put smart uh professors in front of them but like
the base level of intelligence of everyone who's at harvard is already
exceptionally high and so like even if the teachers at harvard were not
exceptional the students are and they would be successful independent of
that because their selection is so ridiculous right and so if we can
think about our own companies that way and especially if you're in the
service business like look at the biggest service companies out

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 there like look at mckinsey look at
bain look at bcg look at basically a lot of the finance world is or
service based businesses a lot of times right and they're able to do
that because they create such a pool to select from that they are able
to skim for the best talent right i heard this uh quote from uh esther
cathy who's the founder of chick-fil-a you win the championship in the
draft and so it was such a belief that they had about picking the right
people even more so than training and i would say that i have moved in
that direction of a little bit more nature than nurture when it comes to
roles specifically sales especially there are certain characteristics
about building rapport about having certain you know dynamics or energy
whatever you want to say that like mar negrete when he walked in he had
all of these things and he didn't even know the pitch but he won that
sale off of just pure rapport and so if i'm going to allocate the same
level of time to training somebody i might as well start with somebody
who

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 has a much higher base because i could
spend 10 hours to take someone from a two to a four and a half or i
could spend the same 10 hours taking someone from a six to a nine and
the thing is i'm also going to get more bang for my buck in terms of my
hours of training with somebody who has a natural proclivity for selling
compared to somebody who does not what's interesting about this and this
is just like my observation is that you just have to be willing to talk
to more people in the uh recruiting process i will say like from a
recruiting standpoint there's there's two kind of things to look out for
if you're if you're if you cannot pay super handsomely based on your
price points which you need to maybe fix later but like if you can't pay
super well for the sales person then you need to look harder and you'll
need to interview more people and you'll need to probably run ads and
use your network if you can pay well the best sales people are already
employed and so it comes down to recruiting those sales people from
other sales jobs ideally from companies just like yours so that they
already know a lot of the things coming into it so it decreases the ramp
up time for them

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 because all we're really doing is
swapping products and the actual sales cycle the type of sale is it a
transactional sales a long sale is it a software sale is it a coaching
program so whatever it is right there's so few variables that we're
changing that they can immediately jump and go which also allows you to
make a judgment on their proficiency faster and so as a quick side note
to this because this is something that i've given a lot of thought if
you look at the top sales people and sales trainers and this is going to
drive point drive home the point that i was making earlier about it
being much of it being born all right is that if you look at the top
people who are in the space you look at jordan belfort right you look at
bradley you look at um and some people would would say me intern from a
selling perspective all the guys that i know who have taught sales were
exceptional sales people day one bradley started selling cars when he
was 18 years old was the top salesman at 18 years old when he started
and he was like i just found something i was really good at jordan
belford talks about how he didn't know how to train anybody in his book
and then all of a sudden he for

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 the first time ever wrote out a
framework to explain the straight line sale system which became his book
and all that kind of stuff but he up to that point it was just what he
naturally did right and i can tell you in my instance as well i'd
already closed thousands of deals before i even consumed my first sales
training and so like i do think that if we are selecting sales people i
think it's much more about selection than it is about training the
training is to remind them how good they are not necessarily to make
them good all right and this is something that has shifted over time for
me specifically now if you're like well i suck at sales you can
absolutely put way more time into yourself than a business would
reasonably put into an employee all right like you have you all the time
so you can train you in all your off hours and you're spending your own
time to invest in yourself but from a return on investment perspective
it's the cost of finding a good salesperson compared to the cost of
training a bad or mediocre salesperson is significantly lower it's much
easier to find the right people than it is to take somebody and then
make such a crazy extensive training unless your entire model is we

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 just take on every single person who
walks in the door like 24-hour fitness has this model they take on
anybody who has a pulse and then they put them through a ridiculous
culling process and then 10 of people make it in the first 90 days and
may the arms be ever in your right that's their process and then those
people know how to sell and so they just make ridiculous requirements
that almost no one can meet except for exceptional sales people and they
they let that they have obviously training systems and whatnot but for
the most part it's teaching them about their process and just having old
sales people explain to new sales people some of the tips and tricks
that have just like made them better rather than teaching the
fundamentals of selling and so back to you if you're somebody who's not
good at sales that's okay you get there through practice and repetition
but in terms of like you have to get good at it because it is like it is
core to running a business especially a small business is learning how
to close right and so if you take time to learn it it's okay it's a
skill that you're going to add in your arsenal and then it'll allow you
to recognize good sales people in the future but you can't spend a year
trying to train

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 somebody who's not good you can spend a
year trying to train you right and that's the difference when we're
selecting for exceptional sales people which is what i'm saying
selecting for exceptional sales people if you pay less you have to talk
to more people to find them and then you have to have low tolerance in
terms of how quickly they make a sale and i would say for us if somebody
doesn't close a deal in the first sales cycle meaning like depending on
the the length of the transaction uh like some people you know there's
all transactional sales some people might be a two-week sales cycler or
a one-month sales cycle depending on what you're selling if someone has
done a full sale cycle and they haven't closed the deal i already know
that they're not a killer because every single killer i've ever had
closes deals in their first cycle just like mario getty like i said
earlier the killers come in and start killing and then they just get
better at killing with the tweaks and the trainings that we have the
guys who don't do that are the ones that are like no give me another
shot i like i just gotta learn like you know blah blah blah and the
thing is it's like it just drags on an inevitable consequence and so
right now if you have somebody on your team and you've been in that
dragging it on and they're like just barely good

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 enough to stay on the team and every
single quarter you're like are we gonna let go of this guy i don't know
he's not like a winner but like i guess we kind of need him to keep
putting some numbers up if you get rid of the people who are dragging
the team down the culture of the team will improve and i promise you
whenever you cut the bottom the top moves up right and then it also will
set the new bar for the person who comes in it's like this is how a
world-class team operates are you up for this and the thing is is the
tighter and the higher that team is the faster they'll point the person
out if they don't fit or they'll immediately accept and glob in the
person they'll become part of the unit so if you're looking for sales
people and you're looking to scale the sales team the best sales people
are born in my opinion not made we can select for those people either
through recruiting them directly from people who have very similar
businesses to us or we have to interview many more people and the
feeling you get in that tingle when you're like oh god i really have to
have this guy that's when you hire not when you're like i mean i guess
this guy could do the job can't do that it's not gonna work and then on
the flip side

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 once that person is in if they haven't
closed the deal on that first cycle the longer i've been doing business
the shorter my tolerance for somebody not being exceptional is because
every person that has been exceptional i know immediately and so i just
have less and less time where i think maybe they'll turn it around maybe
some more training we'll get them there when it's when a lot of times
you win the draft on the pick and so thank you guys appreciate it if
you're new to mozy nation welcome and i'll see you guys in the next
video bye
