https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZLQzR-\_83A

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to talk to you
about one of the questions that i get most frequently and that i one of
the problems that i have to solve again most commonly in some of the
companies that we take on in our portfolio one of the goals of any
business is to maximize the amount of revenue per customer you generate
right and a lot of times you want to have what's what's called like an
accommodating buying curve and so what that basically means is at every
rug right if someone is wealthier you want them to buy more and spend
more money with you and if someone has less money you want them to still
buy from you but potentially buy for less right and so this gives way to
a lot of these crazy product and service listings where people have you
know 100 different services and products that they offer because they
want to have the ability to serve everyone at the maximum degree the
thing is is that most times that will create so much operational
complexity and create so many little appendages right little sticky
things that are stuck onto the side and bolted on and globbed and duct
taped onto a

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 business that it becomes incredibly
distracting for all of the employees because they're thinking about all
these different things and here's a funny one is that most times if your
employees don't understand all the different types of things you sell
and the price points you sell them at your customers for sure don't one
of the things that we will do when we're looking at a company is we will
simplify the product offering and instead try and reach the maximum
buying threshold per prospect by changing the payment terms now in a
perfect world if everyone had absolute information and everyone was
unbelievably well trained and you had great infrastructure and all that
stuff then yes the more products and services you offer in theory you
would make more money but we don't live in that theoretical world most
of the time and most small business owners are not that good at
operating right it's the number one issue they have they're super
disorganized they feel like they're spinning their reels all day their
team completely has no idea what which way they're going they change
things all the time etc and so in an effort to combat

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 that we have used this process over and
over again and it has worked very well so it is as follows we sell two
things and i've done this in virtually every business that i've ever
owned we sell two things two products or two services and this is once
we're going from one to ten million all right zero to one million you
sell one product and one service one avatar all right that's it one
channel one product one avatar that's it right but once you're going
from one to you know one to three ish million and you're trying to go to
ten you introduce the second product line and so here's how this works
if you have two things that you sell you'll have a front-end thing and
you'll have a back-end thing we can still have a massive accommodation
in the buying curve based on the payment terms that we introduce so for
example people will look at their monthly expense more than the total
contract value that's a huge money hack i'm giving you right now this is
a wealth hack this is something that will build make you a fortune in
your life if you can properly

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 understand this people do not look at
the length or the total contract they're signing they will only pay
attention to what is it going to cost me every month because no one is
good with their money all right so they only look at the cash flow
expense month over month over month and they just think can i make it
happen yes cool i'll sign they don't think about the total contract
value for you as a business owner the contract value matters almost more
than anything so i'll give you a quick hack on this total side note
tangent for you life hack pro tip if you want to extend the contract
value that you have i have a saying which is the bigger the head the
longer the tail all right and so what that means is the more you can get
someone to pay up front and relative to the upfront cost of signing up
or what they paid down the lower their contractual recurring payment is
the stickier it will be so i'll give you an example if i had someone
sign up for 99 a month for whatever it doesn't matter that price point
might be medium sticky depending on the value that i have now

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 imagine i had someone pay five thousand
dollars down and ninety nine dollars a month after that how much more
sticky would it be significantly more sticky now the beauty is if you
have one of these up front tight payments you can also use that to
liquidate your ad cost cover your commissions for the salesperson cover
the upfront fulfillment in onboarding which is going to cost more for a
new customer than an existing customer and so you can build all that in
if you know that the thing that you are selling has very high gross
margins then you can still have a lower cost as long as you know that
the person is going to stay for a long time and so based on how you
structure the pricing you can actually get some you can use the pricing
to actually get people to stick longer pro tip complete that is it
moving back to the original thing that i was talking about in one of our
portfolio companies we actually had this as a really in-depth discussion
that we had to make a decision about all right and so they had a
different you know mentor person whatever advice uh who told them that
they should have three products and they should have a you know low a
medium and a high product and then based on you know what the salesman
thought the salesman would sell them the low medium or high

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 in my experience it is not that
effective and that is because the salesperson can't decide which of
these things they are trying to sell most of the time and so what we
have found is more effective is you give the salesperson the one dream
to sell this thing is going to solve this person's problem and we make
it the most valuable thing that we're trying to sell because at the end
of the day you do want to solve the the customer's problem right we do
want to actually make sure that we're providing value rather than having
a diet a medium and a grate right simply having one thing that solves
all the problems and then based on the the customer's budget we can
decrease how they pay all right so hear me out so let's say that uh we
want to do a uh this is a six month implementation of whatever kind of
solution you sell if you have a six month duration you can have the
person a pay the entire thing up front so that would be for somebody who
has the highest budget version two would be a split pay version three
might be three payments right with at twenty percent higher and then
finally you might have a

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 have a have a you know a six pay or
whatever over that period of time so one two three six now here's the
cool thing the more payment options you provide the higher your
conversions are that's proven all right so the more options you give
someone to pay the more people will buy period now you might not make
more cash flow because if you give your sales guy more options then they
might use though they'll end up defaulting to the lower ones right but
if you have one thing to sell then they only have one thing to convince
the person of because a confused mind doesn't buy if you have too many
options the salesman won't know what to sell and the prospect won't know
what to buy and so i prefer when i'm coming into our portfolio company
i'm thinking what is this true problem that we are solving with this
business for what avatar and we make that the main thing and we
communicate it clearly in the scripting and the sales person has clarity
on what they are selling and they're always solving the same thing and
so the question becomes no longer which of

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 these things are you going to buy but
once you are buying how would you like to pay and so then the discussion
is around what payment plan is best for them rather than what product is
best for them and so by doing that you can get people to go between
different payment terms that is not going to change whether they're
going to buy but if they're unsure about which product is going to best
suit their needs and the salesman doesn't know because at the end of the
day he's just trying to sell the most expensive thing then you'll have
way more confused people who leave on soul so this is a single tactic
that you can use to execute within your business which is why i'm a big
fan of making offers people cannot say no to is that you can focus all
of your sales and all of your persuasion attempts on selling the one
thing which is getting them to say yes once they say yes we can we can
reach the we can accommodate their wealth and their budget based on the
payment terms that we provide and if we have done or we've structured
our offer properly the offer in and of itself should already be very
high gross margins which means whether or not the person pays a thousand
dollars a month or a hundred dollars a month it's still almost all
margin for us because of how we structure the thing that we are selling

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 and so we are able to capture higher
ltvs by getting the people who have more money to prepay the thing up
front that is how we do it and with those people you'll be able to
ascend into the second thing faster because they've already prepaid that
thing and then you can solve the next natural problem in another sales
conversation rather than trying to pick all of the things in one
conversation which makes it incredibly difficult to do this is just for
everyone again a broad brush stroke of statements for most entrepreneurs
who are not very good at operating their businesses uh her operations is
not their strong suit and are below three million dollars a year all
right so anyways moseynation there's a lot of people who are broke i
don't want to be one of them which is why i make these videos keep being
awesome i love you and i'll see you guys next bit bye
