https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbZFTPJ9KZU

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to walk you
through the four scarcest highest value skills that exist on earth it is
the cornerstone upon which every single top 100 or even top 50
billionaire has built their wealth before i dive in just as heads up if
you're new to the channel my name is alex shimozzi i own acquisition.com
it's a portfolio of companies that is about 85 million dollars a year
and i have nothing to sell you all right the reason i make this channel
is a lot of people are broke and i don't want to be one of them let's
dive in before we get into each of the four skills all right an
important distinction i need to make here is that when i'm saying these
are the scarcest skills it is because of two major things one is that
the assumption is that we are doing these skills at maximal scale all
right number one and number two is that these are not binary skills it's
not i have it or i don't have it but it's to what extent do i have or to
what degree do i have it how masterful am i in this skill and so these
are the four skills that exist and you will see a clear corollary
between the four ways to create leverage so the

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 first and easiest one for everyone to
understand and that's why i'm going to start with it is the ability to
raise and multiply money which means you have the skill of getting money
from other people and you can allocate that money in a way that it
multiplies at a higher rate than anything else right if you have that
skill you can create endless unlimited fortunes and again at scale which
means you can get lots of money and you have and you can handle mass
massive sums of money and you can multiply it because of how good you
are at the skill so that is scarcest high value skill number one these
are not in order these are just the top four any of these four if you
have them can build you to a billion dollars plus number two is the
ability to capture and multiply attention all right and so think about a
joe rogan for example right he's able to build this this empire that he
has because

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 he's able to capture attention and
multiply attention which is a function of media mark zuckerberg he was
able to capture attention get people to look at his app and then tell
their friends multiply attention and so the ability to capture and
multiply attention is the second scarce and high value skill that exists
so right now if you're not making the money that you want to make or you
were poor it's because you're usually not allocating your time to the
highest value scarcest skills that exist and oftentimes these skills are
not skills that can be taught but there are skills that can be learned
which is a quote that i got from the vol ravicon which i like a lot and
oftentimes you'll note that it's not just one component of this it's not
just being able to raise money it's being able to also allocate it and
multiply it it's not being able to just capture attention you have to be
able to use that attention to then multiply the attention on its own
organically at no incremental cost that's the key point is that you have
to be able to multiply it at no incremental cost to you that's how you
get unlimited leverage number three

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 and this is one that a lot of people
are gonna trip up so i'm gonna probably say this a couple different ways
the ability to return time to other people at no incremental cost to
yourself at scale so for example if i can save everyone on planet earth
10 minutes every day i will be a billionaire think about that and so the
way to deconstruct that is to think what is something that lots of
people spend time on is there a way that i can automate this and again
zero incremental cost which means this is often going to be some sort of
technology or software solution no incremental cost to me which means
that if i build this thing one time i can save everyone time forever
that is a way to build a fortune that is a way to build billions and
billions of dollars of wealth that is scarce high value skill number
three so you can return time to other people you can decrease the effort
and sacrifice that they experience in their lives that they do

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 not want to experience and because it's
at no incremental cost you can sell that thing to everyone because
everyone will pay something for their time now the amount maybe may you
know widely vary but if it costs you almost nothing you can capture an
entire marketplace by giving them time back what did google do gave
everyone time back now they obviously multipl they ever they monetize
through advertising but everyone was looking for something normally it
would take longer to look for something and then they consolidated in
one place they saved everyone time the fourth high value scarcest skill
on planet earth is to be able to influence the behavior of others at
mass scale at no incremental cost to you so you look at someone like
jesus or any prophet i'm not saying he's a prophet that's not my point
here my point is if you look at the mass leaders probably shouldn't even
brought it up otherwise people get triggered point is is that there are
people who have walked this

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 earth thomas jefferson you know what i
mean people who have had massive influence over other people and and
their subsequent behaviors they take as a result and so this is the
ability to change people's minds if you can help people change their
beliefs and change their thoughts you will change the way they behave
which is why when people come to a new faith all of a sudden you see
this massive change in behavior it's because the operating system and
the lenses through which they see the world the perspectives that they
weigh their judgments using have shifted and so if you change the
decision making calculus you change all of the downstream behaviors that
happen as a result and if you can do this in concert at scale you can a
change the world but b you can also make a ton of money if you look at
the best persuaders of our era they're ones who for them i would argue
aggregated power because some people at a certain point you run out of
needs for

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 money you start looking for power and
so if you have the ability to massively influence other people at scale
at no incremental cost to you you have the fourth scarce high value roi
skill that exists so right now mosey nation what it do if you're looking
for ways to increase your wealth you can see that all four of these
things are are corollary to the four types of leverage that exist these
are how fortunes are created leverage number one is on labor and actions
on on on behalf of other people towards your goals so other people do
stuff for you that was the fourth one i just mentioned all right that's
around labor work and basically actions other people take when i talked
about money multiplying right that is leverage using capital so the
ability to maximally raise and multiply capital at scale

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 is a high value scale the third is
being able to give people their time back what we're talking about this
is a good friend of mine who's a technologist he says all technology
automates luxury and luxury is typically a function of convenience
effort and sacrifice and so we look at the places where people spend
time and spend effort and sacrifice and we return it back to them at no
incremental cost that is how you create scale using technology right and
the key resource we're giving people back is time and then the fourth
and final one is media all right and so using media and being able to
multiply uh media via the capturing and multiplication of attention
because ultimately media is just the substrate through which impressions
are conveyed to other people signals that they are interpreting through
their senses the idea is how can we capture as many senses as we can and
then get those senses to get other people plugged into our thing and
then

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 in so doing it will compound and so one
of the key notes to note about each of these four things that i just
mentioned is that each of these skills compound they are not
multiplicative they are not additive they are not incremental they are
compounding which means they are exponential in nature a lot of people
say it's an exponential growth they don't even know what exponential
means but it means that it multiplies unto itself and then each time it
multiplies itself bigger upon itself not just like we we 2x every year
but it would have to be when we incrementally go 10 10 10 growth that is
where is compounding and each of these in the form of labor people are
influenced people tell other people people tell other people they do the
thing for you and it compounds with capital the money that you multiply
gets you more money which you then multiply it compounds the time you
save people more time which then gets you more people to save time for
and it compounds with attention you capture the attention

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 you multiply the intent because those
people tell other people and then the intention comes back and so each
of these are quadratic in nature in terms of the skills and those my
friends are where you focus your time if you want to create a fortune
and so you can look at your skill set right now and say which of these
skills do i lack or which of these four buckets do am i currently at
least working somewhat directionally towards and then we can again think
this is not a binary checklist if i have the skill or i do not have the
skill but to what degree to what extent am i a master of this thing and
so lots of love mosey nation keep being awesome i make this channel
because a lot of people broke and i don't should be one of them i think
i said this earlier but uh my name is alex ramose i own acquisition.com
you know all the dollars things like that and i'll see you guys next
video bye
