https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMowPVgcWbA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 when you're trying to diagnose a
situation if you're asking an employee and i'll give you like some of
the scripting around this at the end it's like hey is it this like i've
noticed you're not doing this thing is it this this or this that's
causing it and then you're not attacking the person you're attacking the
process and it makes it much easier to talk about all right if you deal
with human beings you are going to inevitably try to influence them at
some point to do what you would like them to do and this happens within
the context of when you go to a restaurant you ask waiter do you hope
that they put the thing in for you right you want the food to come out
the way you want to come out we have desires and demands that we make of
the universe and we want them to come back to us based on our
preferences now that being said when we run a company right we deal with
employees and other people a lot in order to organize them in a single
direction to get them to the outcome that we desire all right and so i
have talked about this in the past but i will give you alex's simplest
framework which is a triangle framework \[Music\] uh uh it matches
acquisition.com and if you don't know why my name is alex from rosie on
acquisition.com is probably companies that does over 100 million a year
and i have nothing to sell you i make these videos because i want you to
make tons of money and then hopefully partner with us in the future to
get

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 from 3 million to 10 million to 20
million 30 million and beyond all right awesome so let's rock and roll
so one of the easiest frameworks and i've actually been somebody who's
struggled at the managerial side more than kind of like the strategy or
the marketing things like that like i i've struggled more on the
managerial side so for me frameworks here in some ways actually provide
me for more value than other frameworks because some of these other
frameworks came more naturally to me this one did not and this one is
something that i have stolen ruthlessly from layla because she's the one
who really does more the managing than i do um but i'm sharing this for
the entrepreneurs of the world because i hope that you do not struggle
as i did all right so if you want somebody to do something and they do
not do it what do you do all right so there are three reasons that
someone will not do something and part of this two of these i snagged
from uh andy grove who was the founder and storied ceo of intel uh he
wrote high output management which is an excellent excellent book it's
very it's a little uh it's a little hot a little advanced but it's
really good so recommend that being said he said there's only two
reasons that an employee does not do what you want them to do which is
either they do not know how or they are not motivated right and so he
said therefore the job of the boss is to motivate and

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 to train he said if you're not training
you're not motivating you're not being a good boss and i thought that
was wonderful that being said i came up on a circumstance in my life
where both of those situations were not actually uh the case there was a
third scenario which came up which is why i now have a triangle for why
people uh don't do stuff all right number one is they don't know that
you want them to do it and so i'll tell you a quick story so i uh i had
a sales manager that i really wanted uh to succeed right and so uh we
hired them and they were new and i was super excited and uh you know a
few weeks in i was like hey dude had a conversation with some of the
sales guys and uh you haven't done any call reviews wtf bro and uh the
guy was like i was unaware that you wanted me to do call reviews i was
like well i just i mean i just figured that's that's what you would do
as a sales rep now mind you that is probably what they should be doing
sales director but guess what i didn't do i didn't tell him i didn't
tell him i want him to do that and so two things here with uh with
communicating expectations number one is you have to communicate them
number two is you have to repeat the communication number three you have
to make sure it's documented all right which means it's in writing in
ideally multiple places and if you can make sure that it's part of daily
or weekly

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 checklists or things that they report
on the things that you ask them to give you are going to be the things
that you subconsciously communicate are important to you all right so if
you say hey i need you to report on these three metrics guess what
they're going to think is important to you the three metrics if you want
something to be done make sure they are reporting it to you on a weekly
or daily basis the faster the communication cadence that you have around
the item or task or activity or metric the more important they will deem
it so if you meet twice a day about a specific metric they will think
it's very important right if you meet once a quarter and you and it's
one line item on a slide chart they will probably think it's less than
board and if you don't report on it at all and never talk about it all
they will definitely not think it's important and very very very high
likelihood of not doing it all right so peak of the triangle here is
communicate the expectation it sounds silly but when you think about
this and this is why i'm sharing this framework is that when i have
somebody who's not doing what i would like them to do or not adhering to
the preferences that i have i think which one of these three is it and
so it's very helpful it's also really helpful when you're trying to
diagnose a situation if you're asking an employee and i'll give you like
some of the scripting around this at the end it's like hey is it this
like i've noticed you're not doing this thing is it this this or this
that's causing it

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 and then you're not attacking the
person you're attacking the process and it makes it much easier to talk
about all right so that's number one number two is training which is do
you not know how to do this thing do you not know how to do a call
review well let me tell you what a call review looks like let's do two
of them together and we'll record the thing so that in the future you
can go back to it right this is what we're looking for this is the
transitions this is how we take the notes and this is how i want you to
communicate it to the sales team aha right and so not only did we
communicate what we wanted we said hey this is how you do it and this is
how i would like it to be done right and then finally this is how i want
you to report on it to me so that i know it was done right very very
simple but you know what people don't do it and being advanced is simply
never not doing the basics and i do have a double negative there because
that makes it makes you think a little harder but what it means is that
bing advance is always doing the basics like that is what being advanced
is is doing the basics even while you have tremendous volume right if
you think about this for a second when people start small businesses
they tend to grow because they have lots of personal interaction they
provide lots of service they service with a smile and what happens they
hire some teammates the the service goes down there's less smiles less
skill and so what they did was they stopped doing the basics at scale
that's

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 all it is and that's why businesses
plateau and so it's thinking about what are the things that made you
successful in beginning and then how can i duplicate those at scale it's
always doing the basics that's what it is all right so number one
communicating the expectations doing so ideally frequently and making
sure it's measured and in writing and if we do that we have hit the peak
of the pyramid number two is that we have the training side is that we
showed them how to do it and how we want them to do it and how they how
we want them to report on those things all right that's number two
number three drum roll please is incentive is motivation is do they want
to do the thing because think about it if i said hey dude i need you to
do x y and z right and you know how to do x y and z and you're not doing
it the reason might be that they are unmotivated now i'll give you the
caveat here is that if someone says i've been too busy right now you can
look at that as a because that's usually what will happen like let's go
real world for a second right theory sounds great but let's what's real
world they'll say i was busy because they're not no one's gonna be like
i was not motivated right so part of that could be motivation right
because if i said hey if i give you ten thousand dollars to get this
done by tomorrow will you do it they probably would so i think with
enough motivation they can do it but that being said they might also not
have the training know how to manage their schedule in a way uh

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 to prioritize these activities so you
might have to train them on other components to make sure that it's
easier for them right now that being said when you introduce that these
three frameworks i just love it from a conversational perspective and
how to assess and problems so if you have a teammate so this is for you
right now real world if you have a teammate or a director or manager or
an individual contributor who's in the company and they are not doing
things to the extent that you want them to to the quality you want them
to at the speed that you want them to or they're just not doing it at
all think about using this three that's this three-prong framework which
is like hey johnny you're underperforming right now and it's really
unlike you right and the reason we say that is because it also embeds a
compliment which is like it's not like you to suck right and so all
automatically we're actually protecting the ego of the person while
still attacking the behavior all right it's really nuanced i learned
that one from layla just being real but it works really really well she
said hey it's not like you to be late for stuff so what's going on right
it's not like you did not get your ender week reports in like what's
going on right and this is where when you say that what's going on it's
you look through the three lenses like what's going on is it you didn't
know that i wanted you to do it did i not communicate it well is it that
you don't know how to do it either in general or

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 given your workload or is it that
you're not motivated to do it right are there other priorities that are
more motivating for you to do right and so when you ask those questions
it gives them very clear boxes to direct their their replies and then
you can isolate the issue and then you can solve it and the thing is is
if you have the three boxes and you can isolate the issue and then you
take the actions to solve it and if the activity still doesn't happen
then you say hey we talked about these three boxes we solved the problem
like i can't say we haven't communicated so is it just a motivation
issue right and so at that point then you can get into a little bit more
real conversations like you know what i actually hate this job and
you're like you know like we hate having you i'm kidding you don't you
wouldn't say that you could say you'd say oh my gosh that sucks let's
see and if you like the person they're a cultural fit and they have
other skills you may be like well maybe there's another role in the
company that would fit you i would say nine times out of ten that's what
you want to do it's usually not the right call because usually if you
were to hire somebody for this other position that you might have opened
the company you should probably just hire the person that you would
normally hire there because if you look at that person and this person
and a track record of failure does not make it a high likelihood
candidate all right so big picture for everyone use the triangle of
figuring out why people do not do the things that you want them to do
which is

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 one that i communicate the expectation
to you am i doing it with adequate importance to tell you how important
this is to me which is frequency and detail of communication and making
sure that it's recorded down right the training oops that's the side of
the triangle the training is that i actually show them how to do it and
then how to manage the other things in general that they are doing so
they can get all this stuff done yes check that box and then finally are
they motivated or incentivized in order to get this done and so i talked
about their internal motivation but there's also external motivation
which is like do i need to do i need to realign their bonus structure do
i need to rely on how they're getting compensated because if for example
i asked them to do this thing and they're getting compensated for four
other things and they don't get compensated for this extra thing well
then guess what they're probably not going to be motivated to do the
thing so we have to make sure that they are properly motivated you know
internally as a human being in terms of their aligned with the company
they see why this thing actually makes a difference all right this is a
this is my last little little tidbit on this is that people a lot of
times just want to know why just why why am i doing this and if you if
someone understands why they're because otherwise activity without
purpose is what they do at prison camps right it's pointless labor right
and so that's the thing it's like

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 you have to give it a point you have
to give it a purpose right which is like when you update the crm with
the notes from your calls it helps finance it helps judy in finance
actually have good conversations with these people which helps us
collect more money and helps us get more people staying on track right
it helps uh cindy in customer success on the onboarding give them a much
more personalized experience so we want to sell something great right
don't you want to sell something great well if you don't put notes in
you're actually selling something that's worse because we're going to
provide a worse experience for them right and so they're going to get on
the onboarding call and we're going to be able to have no personality
we're not going to know what their issues are we're not going to know
what their pains are we're not going to know what they're struggling
with and then we can't even help them more so you're going to try and
sell them this amazing solution and then we're not you're not giving us
the the ammo to actually do the things that you have just promised them
oh right and the other reason we do this is because for us to not waste
your time so now i just did two benefits to the global benefit which
let's be real a lot of people might care about if they're good people
but a lot of people do not so but for you specifically when you leave
the notes it helps us screen out candidates on the front end so that we
can use that data to make your call likelihood of close higher so that a
higher percentage

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 of your time is spent closing people
and talking to people who have the money who have the problems that we
actually fix rather than wasting time with tire kickers and people who
are probably not going to buy does that make sense right so when you do
this we help you sell more and make more money fair enough great and so
you can appeal to the the larger picture of like why do we need this as
an organization but then also if you can ideally tie it back to a
personal benefit uh to why it benefits them a lot of people just don't
know and so just explaining that process you hit all three of the
triangle boxes and you are far more likely to get somebody who does the
things that you're asking to do so that your company can grow the way
that you want it to so you can make all the money in the world and then
wonder why you did it to begin with all right motivation keeping awesome
lots of love and i'll catch you guys next video bye mostly nation you
guys are the best and if you could do me the biggest favor for the
entire world click the like button comment below so i can answer more of
your questions in the videos and make sure that i'm not just making
stuff out of my head but answering the questions you guys actually want
like comment i'll see you in the next
