https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSsuK\_0kdzA

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 and here's here's why i don't think
sitting and waiting is going to work out for you and hoping that um when
you open your gym it's going to work out good morning everyone happy
monday i hope you guys are had a good restful weekend or maybe not hope
you were not resting at all just selling tons of people into remote
fitness over the weekend and hopefully you were but if you were not then
this message is for you so i'm calling this theo \[ \_\_ \] moment i was
having a conversation with a friend of mine um who's uh in the same
space as us and uh he was talking to me about some of the beliefs that
he's getting over the phone um with some of the gym owners that he's
talking to etc and um it was kind of interesting because he was saying
that you know these things change week to week um but he said right now
everyone's in denial phase he said right now they're in the phase of i'm
gonna i'm gonna hold out i think i

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 can wait a couple more weeks for this
to be over and i guess i'm here to say that i don't think that's gonna
work out for you um and here's here's why i don't think sitting and
waiting is going to work out for you and hoping that when you open your
gym it's going to work out i'm calling this the oh \[ \_\_ \] moment
because right now i think that there's still a certain sense of hope
right i think that when they turn the lights back on when they turn the
economy back on when they let gyms back which by the way will be last
but when they let us go back to business and open our doors you're going
to open your doors and i think a lot a lot fewer people are going to
come back than you think and i think that what's going to happen is
going to be a slower recovery than most people anticipate because people
are still weary etc and i think some people will just like always like
there's a reason the on-demand economy is the on-demand economy right
everyone thought that people i was literally it's so funny i had an
internet troll yesterday or two days ago

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 who commented on an ad and literally
just saying stupid things uh like stupid like trying to be smart but
saying stupid things uh and he was like as soon as online fitness as
soon as the gyms open back up all this online fitness stuff is going to
go away and i was like really you think that people are just going to
choose a less convenient option after they come back he's like well
people really value the in-person you know blah blah blah right people
said the exact same thing about blockbuster against netflix they're like
the ceo is a blockbuster because it's so easy to rationalize our like
human beings don't want to think of bad case scenarios and so we
rationalize that we don't need to change right and so blockbuster
executives when they're like hey are you concerned about this online
streaming stuff they were like no people always value making a night
making an evening going and picking up you know picking out their movie
walking inside and getting their candy like it's become an experience
and so we think that people will continue to value

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 this experience guess what they were \[
\_\_ \] wrong people would rather just click on the cops and do nothing
right is the experience of being at your couch better than the
experience of shopping at blockbuster i would say no i really miss
blockbuster a lot of times but i didn't miss enough to not use netflix
or use netflix way more right and so the reality is that people will
always choose their convenience and i think what happened very like
recently or currently right now is that a huge piece of the marketplace
that never otherwise would have tried online training or maybe would
have in the next decade it took all of the remote services and drop
dragged it 10 years into the future in terms of mass adoption it was
forced adoption all right and so i think a large percentage of people
are going to say a larger than most gym owners anticipate are going to
stay in a remote setting right i think a lot of people are still like
their jobs here's the others oh \[ \_\_ \] moment is that people some of
the companies that did layoffs may not rehire everyone right because the
demand is not going to be what it was at the single greatest moment in

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 economic history i mean like the best
economy ever that happened before this and so just like the oh \[ \_\_
\] moment is going to be when you turn the lights on and people don't
show up right which transparently will be great for me because i'm just
going to market the \[ \_\_ \] out of the gyms that want to work with us
because like that will be when marketing is more important than ever
because you're going to have to differentiate and get your name out
there more than anyone else is right um but let's rewind the clock real
quick what do you need to do now right what do you need to do now
because the airship moment will come now some people have have stronger
communities than others right and i always want to put my disclaimer for
good operators right if you're an amazing operator and you haven't lost
anyone then you'll probably recover better than people who have lost
people right because you have a stronger community you have more bonding
coaches you have a better culture etc right um but what should you do
now so it is my belief and just looking at the math i'm going to do this
big presentation for gym lords don't worry i did a huge statistical
model looking at uh the difference between roi on remote versus roi in
person

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 and the question is whether or not you
want to be a business owner or a gym owner and that's a very real
question like super super real that's a personal question right but if
you're in this to maximize making money because i've had tons of gyms
who flew out during our vip days and said alex i want to make a million
dollars a year and i said it's not going to happen in one gym right now
talking heads of gurus will be like you can totally like show me the \[
\_\_ \] bank statement all right and then i'll and then i'll believe you
right but no i like it's not from one facility unless you have a massive
massive facility and typically group training personal training set will
be only a part of that right like if you have 6 000 members paying 100 a
month like lifetime then sure you can make a million dollars a year
right but most people didn't invest five million dollars into their
build out right so it's understanding relative scope okay so in my
belief there is no way better than right now to for the best operators
to be able to build a million dollar income business two three four
million dollar top line business because one we're

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 we're marketing a 25 mile radius and
seeing zero decrease in sales percentages all right it's number one
number two our remote gyms right now are closing a higher percentage of
leads than they did in person that's a function of one major thing is
that they're getting 40 percent of their leads onto it into a sales
conversation compared to 20 you know whatever they were doing before all
right so they have twice as many at bats and so even if they're not as
good on the phone they're not twice as bad over the phone right and so
they're a little if you look at right now the average closing percentage
of 29 so they're closing 29 over the phone they were closing 42 in
person all right but if you get twice as many at bats you actually still
net more sales and so number one you can have a bigger geographic radius
so the many people that i've talked to says like i want to have a bigger
impact here's how you have a bigger impact you can go remote and help
people are not in your neighborhood number two lead costs are cheaper
not because of the ads the ad impressions and stuff because that's
temporary right

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 we've already seen it go back to normal
so the at the cost per impression is has gone 100 back to normal since
two or three weeks ago all right people are advertising again um but
it's because when you draw from bigger radius you get cheaper leads
that's just period if you run a an ad nationally it's just as like
challenge or whatever you'll get you know 25 cent leads the issue is how
do you create trust how do you create a sale or trustworthy environment
for a lead to opt in and then buy something on the first phone call
right and that's where having i would consider like the semi-local
appeal automatically gives you gives you one or two trust points in your
direction which is allowing us to make sales on these first calls but if
we're looking at it purely from a math perspective which i would urge
you to be a business owner not a gym owner for the moment right now our
guys are essentially breaking even on the first transaction right now
they're used to making two to one three to one four to one et cetera on
their first transaction right but you are limited by your

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 your capacity to fulfill in terms of
how many people you can have at each time uh you're limited by your lead
flow because let's be real like lead flow of a 25 mile radius is always
going to be higher and cheaper than in a five ball radius because it's
quadratic right so if you have a five mile radius and then you'd go from
five to ten you didn't double the amount of people that you saw you pied
it right so 3.14 or whatever the math is but it's basically let me put
in layman's terms if you have a 12-inch pizza and you have a 24-inch
pizza a 24-inch pizza is not twice as big as a 12-inch pizza you can fit
like four 12-inch pieces inside of a 24-inch pizza because that's how
circles work with with with it's called quadratic expansion but anyways
um and so when you go to a 25-mile radius you're talking 10 times you
know i mean the amount of people that you would be reaching otherwise or
20 or 50 or whatever the math is and so because of that you can have a
much bigger reach help more people cons like anybody who's ever
struggled with lead flow that doesn't have to happen anymore like you
don't have to struggle with lead flow anymore because it's literally
enormous and you pretty much can always get lead flow if your target is
big enough all right

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 and so putting all these things
together cheaper leads bigger geographic radius consistent lead
generation a consistent 11 of leads close which is what we're seeing
right now which is higher than most people do in person breaking even on
the front end and having 80 uh gross margin on the back end like you're
talking about spending you know right now if you spend 1500 you'll make
six thousand dollars in front end revenue in 30 days that's what the
math is right that's the average all right that's the average okay
fifteen hundred dollars that's 6600 is the actual number uh of upfront
cash in the first 30 days for an online business you know many people
have tried to start an online business too many online business gurus
there are and the reason they don't have an agency set up or whatever is
because they can't guarantee an outcome right they only tow the one or
two testimonials that they have of the hundreds of students they have
all right i'm giving you the average numbers average average for online
so if you wanted to make a six-figure income all right it would take you
30 days to

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 build a recurring revenue stream if
you spent uh uh if you spent fifteen hundred dollars it would take if
you spent fifteen hundred dollars you close thirty uh thirty nine
percent so let's just bump it to make it conservative so if you spent
twenty two hundred dollars in ad spend over the first thirty days you
would be able to have fifty people in your online remote uh business
after you lost 44 for not going into continuity all right so i'm
accounting for that that you only convert 60 into continuity at 200
bucks a month right that's a 10 000 a month business remote and you can
do it in 30 days like averages if you're average you can do it in 30
days right now and so the big question that you have to ask is one am i
holding out for what's going to happen that i don't know about because
you don't know what's gonna happen i don't either that's just my guess
but like you don't know what's gonna happen but what i can tell you is
the opportunity is there and so in the next 30 days in the next 60 days
if you wanted to build yourself a six figure or multi-six figure online
income you

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 could do it i know that a lot of my
gym lords won't do that they're gonna go back to the gyms and that's
fine i'm here to serve i'm here to provide whatever value the community
that i have asked for but if i were an enterprising \[ \_\_ \] which i
am i would be strongly considering this it has been very difficult for
me to not throw my hat back in the ring and start sonic fitness at large
because when i see those types of numbers in terms of acquisition i was
like hmm how many sales guys we got i was like i wonder if i i was like
i wonder if there's a bunch of gym owners who went out of business so i
could just hire to become salespeople because when i see that kind of
stuff three to one four to one up front you know what i mean ten to one
at 30 days ten to one at 60 days 60 days like in gym launch i lose money
the first 30 to 60 days right and like i'm just i just know the math
game right i'm just willing to make decisions with math if you are able
to make decisions with math right now and not let your emotions and not
let your fear and not let your discomfort around learning a new skill
which is selling over the phone because it's the only thing you have to
do that's it as long as you acquire that skill set which by the way

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 will set you up better for when you
get back to the gym because if you can sell over the phone you convert a
high percentage of leads always right if you can just learn that skill
you can have an online business simple as that right now and i hope and
i and i think my hunch is that that buying behavior will not change
people will be now the mass market has been introduced to what online
training is like most people even know what it was now they know what it
is all right and so that that like you're underestimating how big of a
deal it is for them to even recognize that industry all right and so one
people will now know what online training is number two they will be
comfortable more comfortable buying in a remote setting here appreciate
over the phone yeah this is after the lights get turned back on because
you're like well i don't want to change things you know temporarily
because something you know when what happens when you go later what if
you have a business that just cash flows later and then you have your
gym because many people like i won't even get into it but over the phone
you just say yeah you know when covet happened we started doing our
first consults over the phone and it ended up just being more convenient
for people so we just

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 stuck with it anyways so what's your
name why'd you click on the ad right like you can just preface the the
sale and then everything else flows like normal right because this has
given us the biggest reason of all time the biggest why am i remote why
are you doing this over the phone why are we doing this online it has
now given everyone permission to have that reason that we never had
before right and educated like thank you to the government for educating
all consumers on online and remote setting fitness right thank you to
the news thank you to everybody for helping us out all right so i say
this to say uh i think that for everyone who's holding out and waiting i
don't think that's a smart decision um i don't want to be right but i
think i probably will be um i think a lot of people are turning their
lights back on and a lot of people aren't gonna come back right uh think
of this like a vacation it's like all these people are like you know
what actually i'm i'm going to keep doing things at home or you know
it's actually kind of more convenient for me to just kind of do it on my
own schedule instead of having to go there come back shower all that
stuff it was just kind of easier for me because convenience and speed
always win

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 with humans always you have to always
bet on convenience because we are lazy right and especially when it
comes to fitness all right and so it's like well that's why and that's
why many people can't market outside of five mile radius because people
are too lazy to drive further right they're too lazy you're like but our
gym's so great it's like yeah but they're gonna choose a shittier gym
that's closer to them just being real right and so if you can take the
service to them which we now have the opportunity to learn the skill set
to do that you can by the time this thing turns back on probably have
more recurring profit profit income than you did before this um but it's
for the people who want to win and who want to take action otherwise if
you're just going to wait totally cool we'll help you when we want to
come back because we we do that too but uh that's just my that's my two
cents right now and i know that whenever i talk about online it's always
polarizing but i have a really hard time not speaking my mind about
something that i think is more profitable and i think it's lower risk
and i think in the post corona economy um the businesses that will win
are the ones that have lower overhead and have higher margins and have a

16 00:15:00.000 --\> 00:16:00.000 higher ability to reach customers
where they're at and all of those boxes get checked and then you get all
the added bonus benefits benefits that i said earlier virtually
unlimited lead flow cheaper leads bigger radius higher profit margin you
get all of those things on top of everything i said so anyways don't let
the other ship moment happen to you take action now start selling remote
i think it is it is incredibly incredibly awesome right now um and you
should get in all right keeping great catch you soon all right have a
great day and uh drop a chat a chat or a light but not a chat drop a
comment or like or you know review or something like that if you liked
if you didn't then i'm sorry all right get you soon bye you
