https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tHlHWgDRdQ

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to break down
how i learned how to consistently generate leads independent of
platforms and the key piece that i was missing in multiple different
platforms i'm going to tell you five key stories throughout my life that
massively impacted how effective my marketing was as a result of the
exchange and if you don't know who i am my name is alex mosey i'm a
business investor and i own acquisition.com it's a portfolio of
companies that's about 85 million a year and i have nothing to sell you
i have no courses no masterminds no mentorships i make these videos have
to document the lessons that i've had and hopefully make sure that the
pain that i suffered on the way here was not in vain so if you're new to
mozi nation welcome and enjoy the video in this video i'm gonna walk you
through why you are probably not getting the results that you wish you
were from what you are doing one of the most misunderstood concepts that
create success in some people and failure without understanding why in
most others all right and it really all underpins volume so let's dive
in so a few high level observations before i dive into this the first
thing is uh there's a setting in our community called do the boring work
and a lot of times we don't confront the work that we that must be done
because it's not exciting or sexy and it feels somehow

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 like it's beneath us you know
prospecting and doing 100 a day can feel tedious you know posting and
repurposing the same content across lots of different media sources can
feel tedious you know reaching out to people you know and asking if they
know someone who might be interested in your products or services might
feel tedious or creating you know 100 different ad variations with
different hooks and headlines can seem tedious it's very easy to
understand very hard to do mostly because people don't have the
discipline and the work ethic to go through the boring work which kind
of leads to the second one here which is that uh there's a saying
between my my closest friend and i dr cashy uh violence is the answer uh
sometimes when you have this outcome that you must achieve in your life
because of the goals and insecurities that we have set upon ourselves uh
that just being violent with the level of activity that we are doing
ultimately get us much closer than uh you know the nuances and the skill
that sometimes we like to project and pretend matter more than just
physically doing a sheer higher volume of work number three is that if
you do more than you are doing

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 right now you will get more than you
currently have and that is a promise and you can take that to the bank
and number four is do what matters most first so right now you probably
have lots of things that you know fill up your day in the morning all
that kind of stuff but the things there are only four activities that
will actually generate more business for you period that is new all
right number one is reaching out to people you know number two is
posting to an audience that you know number three is reaching out to
people who don't know one-on-one and number four is advertising right
those are the four only four ways you can get new clients and so if
you're not doing one of those four things and you're struggling to get
customers you're not doing lots of those four things as your primary
activities then that is probably one of the reasons that you don't have
the amount of customers that you wish you had all right and so what i
want to do is take this quick moment to introduce an equation that i've
thought a lot about but it's v times s times d so volume time scale
times time and this is a kind of a flywheel that feeds itself and which
and i'll get to the actual like wording behind this but essentially the
more volume to do the better you are at it and longer you do it the more
throughput you will ultimately have the more outcome the more clients
the more

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 sales the more leads you will
ultimately have from doing it all right so let's dive into this in a
little bit more so in other words and this is based on just like pure
foundational principles of logic right the more we do the better we get
the better we get the more we do because we like it because we're better
at it right and the longer we do something the better we get the better
we get the longer we do it right and i'll show you a couple examples in
some of the stories and examples i have today that will show you how
compounding massively affected my life and so in this way each of these
three variables volume skill and time feed each other but it all starts
with doing and so these are the three we're going to focus just on
volume today because i want to be mindful of your time and so i'll tell
you a quick example of this so i um when i this is probably a decade ago
i was starting my gym which is the first business i own a real business
that i own someone's like oh you should run flyers and i was like okay
cool so i went out i did you know a bunch of flyers it you know it
didn't really work for me and so you know a few months later i was
talking to a friend of mine

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 who had you know multiple successful
locations he was doing well and um i was like hey uh you know i did he's
like you should do flyers and i was like nah i did that it didn't work
for me he's like well you know what what was your what was your test
size and i was like test size what do you mean he was like well how many
did you test before you you know scaled it up and i was like well i mean
i put 300 out and he was like 300. like total and i was like well yeah
he's like i don't he's like i don't even test for less than 5 000 flyers
and all of a sudden i was like whoa he's like yeah he's like i'll put
out a hundred thousand flyers a month he's like and i'll get a half a
percent or a percent back he's like who walked through the door he's
like yeah but 100 000 flyers a percent back i get 30 people a day
walking in my store and i was like holy cow my understanding of the
sheer volume for the activity that i thought wasn't working was just
dramatically under what it really was supposed to be and in that moment
i had a belief broken about what volume really means this happens all
the time and i'll tell you a couple other examples in a second but like
this

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 happens all the time even in like
fitness stuff people are like man why can't i get jacked and i'm like uh
you know why can't i grow my arms it's like all right well how many sets
of arms are you doing every week and they're like well i train arms
twice a week i'm like what are you doing they're like well you know like
three sets of ten and i'm like that's it like per week like so six total
sets they're like yeah i'm like well try 12 sets six days a week and i
guarantee your arms will grow they're like seriously i'm like yeah
imagine that the more you do the more you look like you can do so i'll
give you a different one that i had this isn't a in a paid ads example
which is similar to flyers just a different platform i had a an agency
owner who was walking who's talking to us in within our software company
and he was like hey you know my lead flow's stalling out i can't seem to
scale above a certain amount you know it's like okay well you know how
many pieces of creative are you putting out you know uh per week and he
was like he confidently answered right so he was like he's like oh he's
like that we have on point he's like we're putting out like five to ten
pieces of content a week and i was like per week he was like yeah and i
was like dude and i scrolled over i shared my screen of my creative
department and i was like we're testing

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 30 pieces every three days he was like
what i was like yeah it's level of output quantity of output the level
like most people dramatically underestimate how much work it takes to
make money right the thing is is once you understand and for most people
and this is the point that i'm hoping somebody who's like hasn't gotten
their first customer or wants to start on a new channel if you already
have one working is you usually need to do a lot more because your s in
that equation your skill level is low and you have no time that has
compounded for you so you must compensate with extraordinary volume so
that you can learn the skill and then begin the compounding process that
will give you the throughput or outcome that you desire and so a lot of
times you got to do a lot more in the beginning to get the ball rolling
all right and when i was talking to grant about his uh his overarching
content strategy i was like hey man you know how many pieces what's the
framework that you use and he was like bro and this is actually this was
in a different call i had with him that's not not on the channel he's
like bro if someone's trying to sell you a

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 framework he's like they're just trying
to sell you something he's like it's about 10x and he said that he
wasn't saying it in a in a pejorative way he meant it genuinely he's
like dude he's like we just take massive action he's like we just try
and be omnipresent he's like look at your instagram look at my scripts
we pulled both of them up and he's like i'm posting six times a day he's
like i'm posting 15 times a day on twitter and she's like you just
pulled up every one of them compared them to mine he's like he's like
i'm just doing way more than you and i was like man and he's been doing
it for 10 years longer right and so that was a huge epiphany for me and
then for me i i switch from one time a week to one times a day and
here's what's crazy my growth organically 40xed from a 7x increase in
effort so there is a multiplicative effect here because sure we did more
but we got better at the doing and then the more we did the more each of
those other pieces fed one another right and so again all of this starts
with the doing and taking a lot more than most people anticipate to get
the result and get going and so this is a different nuance

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 on volume this is more level of effort
but i think it bears mentioning because for this concept to kind of sink
in i want to hit it from a couple different angles so this is the number
one video or at this time is one of the number one videos on the channel
and i made this like a month ago and i i realized that quality most
times trumps quantity right and the thing is but quality and quantity
trumps just quantity right or just quality and so this particular piece
of content took me 20 hours to actually put the slide deck together and
then two days of travel to go film and then go lo and behold it ends up
being you know the number one thing on there and to me i was like well
that's not really surprising i spent a ton of time on this and so it was
just and like i'm just saying i get reminded of this at all levels of
the game you know what i mean and so i'm making these videos because
like as i'm learning it i'm sharing it um so that hopefully it provides
some value to you like it just takes a lot more work than most people
think like layla this is four or five years ago when we were re-filming
an entire content portal so she had

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 probably recorded god i don't know 70
or so videos with you know trainings and everything and she got done and
she was like i don't think these are that good and she was and i was
like it's like she's like i just i don't know i don't know if they're
like hitting the way i want them to be they're like just not as crisp
and we sat there and and i was like i'll do them again she looked at me
and she was like yeah you're right because the thing is is like and i've
said this before and i'll keep saying it like your work works on you
more than you work on it the thing we are developing is our character
because that's the ultimate prize that we get at the end of the race
right we can't keep the stuff that we have with us and so we're doing
this work to become better people right and so if you do it again it's
no it's nothing bad about it you're just like cool i get more practice
at doing the thing and my s is going to get better in the throughput
equation so even if you did the same in terms of volume of output the
skill on the equation the s is going to be higher so you're still going
to actually still get more throughput even if you do the same effort
again right and so that's why the level of effort and in

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 giving a for lack of a retirement
really working like violence is the answer doing the boring work and
putting the time under the bar in to use a fitness analogy um is is what
is required and most people dramatically underestimate the volume all
right and so i'm going to tell you this last one to wrap this wrap this
little uh piece up which is i wrote this book right it took me basically
like a year to write it it took me two weeks to write it took me a year
to edit it and right now i get dms every day like when is the second
book coming out and so right now i'm on the fifth version of book two
end to end i had to completely copy copy right edited from a
professional editor and that was version one and i've since made four
more versions since then but the thing is is the difference between that
level of effort is why many times i think things don't work out is that
most people put like a seven out of ten effort or an eight out of ten
effort and then look at somebody who put a 10 out of 10 effort in and
think well i didn't put that much less effort in but you don't realize
the difference between an eight and a 10 might be five times the work
but also the difference

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 between an eight and a ten might be a
hundred times the outcome and so the actual net outcome on the
incremental increase in work is still worth it that's what's crazy is
that if it takes five times the effort to go from an eight to a ten you
might get a hundred times even though you only did five times more work
and so this is one of these beliefs that i i've ingrained in myself
within how we do business but i'm sharing it with you because most
things that most people make suck most products suck most marketing
sucks most businesses suck and most people suck at the things that they
think they're good at right and it's because they don't even know how to
work they don't even know how to do it and i'll tell you this final
story to wrap this up when i was a legal intern in a in a past lifetime
at a chemical company called arkema in france believe it or not i worked
there in the legal department and this older more experienced you know
senior lawyer at the firm in the department kind of like tapped i was
like oh i'm going to go back to work and she like tapped my shoulder and
she was like you don't even know how to work and i was like what do you
mean and she was like you're so young she's like you

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 don't even know what work really is
and it and it just hit me and it struck me like to my core because i was
like how can she tell me that i don't know how to work but here i am 10
years 15 years later and i think to myself like man i had no idea what
work even looked like because i don't even know how to focus the way i
do now i didn't know how to eliminate distractions i didn't know what it
looked like to just put rep after rep after rep after rep in to just get
that thing just right the beautiful thing especially when it comes to
marketing stuff is that when you make those each of those posts each of
those outreaches each of those calls each of those ads that you run make
you better they increase the s and so in that way the v the s and the t
the volume the skill and the time work on each other and then yields you
a higher throughput because they are multiplicative not additive and
that's like the one thing that if i can drive this home is that most
people just do so much less volume than they think because and then they
look at the the vehicle that they're using and think why is this not
working when the reality was that you were not working because you did
not know how much work really was required to get to where you wanted to

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 go and so um with that in other words
most times you just need to do more than what you're currently doing and
a lot more of it okay so if you don't uh know me like i said my name is
alex ramose i own acquisition.com we're business investors our portfolio
does about 85 million dollars a year and i have nothing to sell you if
you enjoyed this video watch another one and lots of love either way
mozzie nation keep rockin
