https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRyGIzW9d9k

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video I'm going to walk you
through the exact anti-routine that took me from broke to taking home
over seven figures a month in income not revenue and income by the time
I was 28 years old and that may sound totally unbelievable to you that's
okay you can Google me my name is Alex ramosi I'm a business investor
out acquisition.com which is a portfolio company so it's about 85
million a year and I have nothing to sell you and the reason I'm making
this video is because I see stuff on the internet all the time if people
talk about their million dollar routines and all the stuff and all the
guys that I know who are like me are like worth nine figures and up
don't do it that way all right and so I'm going to walk you through what
people actually do and the things that I had to go through uh in those
seasons of building that are not commonly talked about as additional
note there's uh for some reason there's like a half second uh freeze
that happens like every so often on the video uh it's something we're
fixing on our side uh but my audio continues to go throughout so don't
sweat it and we are fixing it either way um welcome to Mosey nation and
enjoy the video all right so what I want to do is actually walk you
through the paradigm shift that happened in my life when I went from
looking at bankruptcy lawyers to 18 months later taking home over a

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 million dollars a month when I was 27
years old all right this is half a decade ago but there was a very
distinct process that happened that that transformed my life and it did
have to do with a routine which is like the most father thing ever that
most people uh asked me for which is like hey Alex what's your routine
but what I'm going to do in this video is break down to why the
questions that people are asking were wrong because they're asking them
the wrong way the first thing here is that most people have the
assumption that when they say hey Alex can you tell me your routines can
you tell me your rituals that you do every day they think to themselves
there's something that Alex is doing that I am not doing and therefore
if I do those things I will get that resolved and I will tell you that
you were wrong and here's why most people most Champions do not have
something that you do not have they they lack something that you have
for a champion in the Physical Realm a lot of times it's they don't have
an off switch they just keep going you have an off switch it is your lap
their lack of it which is what drives their success right and so to the
same degree you probably

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 do do things every single day that you
should not be doing and so what I want to introduce to you is a concept
of the anti-routine as the most productive routine that is humanly
possible for you to accomplish what you want and so during this 18-month
period of time when I went from almost bankrupt to taking home a million
dollars a month when I was 27 years old was the following changes that
ended up happening and mindset shifts I'll walk through the mindset
shifts and then I'll walk through the tactics that actually changed my
life in a real way the things that I stopped doing rather than things
that I started doing that ended up yielding the results that were
outsized so number one is obviously just shifting the perspective of I
need to do more things and I need to add more things to my routine when
in fact you need to stop doing things that you're currently doing all
that remains is the work to be done and then you become very clear about
why you are not being effective so number one is that priorities mean
two things cannot be equally important and here's the mentally
challenging thing about this is that when you work on something and
let's say I spend 30 minutes on this thing and I spend 30 minutes on on
Item

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 B if I spend 30 minutes on both things
and I say this one's more important than this one I can say that but
that's not reality because I basically just said they were both
important which means neither of them are which is why most people
cannot get done because they cannot say no and so the theme of this
entire video is the word no all right and so this is the this is the
word that I will give you that you can tell yourself you can plaster it
on your wall is the season of no and I'm not saying it's forever I'm
saying it's just for right now a lot of people don't need new things to
add to the routine you need to have a routine of saying no and an
anti-routine and that is the thing that's going to yield those those
outsized Returns on productivity you can't say yes to everything and
therefore it means that you have to you can't do two things with
different levels of importance it's either important or it's not
important if it's important it means you mean to say no to everything
else all right so if you say this is the priority then it means you do
not do other things besides that thing that is how it is a priority that
is how you live literally prioritize

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 number two is that from a communication
perspective one of the things that I had to really understand and I'm a
pretty people-pleasing person I enjoy I enjoyed other people like I'm
social is that when people communicate with you when people reach out to
you and people text you and people email you they actually have an
implied ask within the communication from you it's actually a take and
what that takes says is that there's a request to reply all right
they're asking you to do something which is to reply to the message and
to illustrate why you can't do this at scale is because let me imagine
right now that 500 000 people text you do you owe them all a reply the
answer is no because you couldn't literally do anything else in your
life besides reply to those people if that's what you did and so here's
what's crazy most people have the time to reply and conflate the fact
that they have time with the fact that they are obliged they are
obligated to reply and so when I show you that 500 000 text example it's
to show you that if I can remove the time time from your

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 brain that means it would be physically
impossible for you to reply you realize that the obligation or reply
never existed to begin with all right and so during this season of no
during this this anti-routine period of time what I did during that 18
months was I stopped replying to people and not only that and I'll get
to the taxes of how I did that in a second but I just stopped replying
all together and this was a huge thing for me it was very very difficult
for me and I'll give you the actual taxes around what I said the next
thing I realized that all of the events and masterminds and coaching
programs mostly served other social they were mostly for social needs
they were not because I had a problem that needed to be solved and so I
ended up going to a mastermind getting what I needed and then I didn't
show up to that same Mastermind for the next 18 months and then from
there 18 months later I was like a huge success story of The Mastermind
and it wasn't because I got what I needed and then I spent the rest of
that time executing and there was no point to me going back because I
knew what needed to be done and it needed doing and that was it here are
some of the tactics that I ended up

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 implementing during this period of time
that massively changed my life because it got me to stop doing
everything that I was doing so that all that remained was the work to be
done all right so number one is that I changed my phone number I've
changed my phone number because all these people uh were always asking
me to reply and so there's the actual time of communication of the the
constant texting back and forth all the interruptions but also the hey
you gotta sex hey can we hop on a meeting hey can I bend your ear hey
can we talk about this thing hey do you want to jam on this topic right
and as somebody who likes to give I was always literally when I looked
at my schedule half my day was like one-off calls that I was like well
maybe this is an important thing but you would be amazed at how much
Blank Space appears in your calendar when you say no to everything I
like I really want to like you would be amazed at how much Blank Space
shows up on your calendar when you say no to everything so number one is
I changed my phone number what I did is I actually gave my phone number
to my yay and I got a new phone number and the only people

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 that I would choose to communicate with
were people that I realized that I needed to and then I would find their
number rather than ever being responsive to every single person who had
mine which over the years was a lot so that's the first thing I did the
second like I said is I stopped going to all of these events because I
knew what needed to be done so I didn't need more information I needed
more execution right so if you look at your own self it's like do I need
more information or any more execution now if you're ignorant in terms
of knowing what you need to do to succeed you need to go like what needs
to be done is you need to find out that information but once you know
what needs to be done anything that is you not doing that thing is
getting in the way of you accomplishing what you want number three is
that I stopped taking meetings from 4 AM to noon every day I work for
the first eight hours completely uninterrupted and it was because during
that first season when you're you know zero to one million one million
to three million sometimes even at 5 million sometimes you're still you
don't have enough leverage because of your team or maybe the the number
the level of Talent on your team that you need to still be doing a lot
of doing like you can't look at what like my routine might be now
because I have

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 teams of people that if I if I say hey
go do this and do this and do this I have 20 people who can execute and
those 20 people are going to amount to more work then I can do possibly
on my own and that's because I have leverage but until you have leverage
leveraging your time appropriately is what is going to move the needle
the most and so from 4 AM to noon every single day I accepted no
meetings and only worked on the priority which meant I did the thing and
I said no to everything else the next thing that I started saying no to
or as I said no to bedtimes that were different on weekends versus
weekdays I stopped treating weekends different than I treated weekdays
and I had the same bedtime so I had the same wake-up time so that every
single day I could say no to everything during 4 to 12. all right now
once you say no to weekends as a different day to weekdays the next
thing is like well what are the other things that you changed about your
life in terms of allocating your time what about your health well during
this period of time I only worked out about twice a week and that was
because that was my minimum effective dose for working out right because
that was all I needed just

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 to maintain I wasn't trying to make
progress on multiple fronts because it was not the priority and I'm
saying this again because people always want to make you know progress
on 100 fronts sometimes like you have so much growth Juju you only have
so much and you have to allocate it to the things that are highest
priority and if it's a priority then it means saying no to everything
else the next piece is like what about what about food stuff so for me
it was actually more productive for me to fast one or two days a week
because then I could work and not be interrupted by the eating
preparation thinking cleaning of food two days a week I would just have
caffeine and bone broth and that was what I did for the day and it was
super easy and that way I stopped you know I started starting a little
bit lose a little bit of fat while I was at it the next thing I did was
I deleted all social media from my phone and that is because I realized
is that I could have an accurate time on my calendar which was just a
post and I could do most of the apps from my computer so if you're
actually just going there to post not to consume and interact you can do
most of

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 the the Social Media stuff from your
computer and that's what I ended up doing so I deleted all that stuff
from my phone and you'd be amazed at your like ghost thumb of how
addicted you are because most people spend like three to five hours a
day on their phone consuming social media it's literally the new age of
watching television and we're like I can't think about how I can get
stuff done it's like if you got those three hours back you would have so
much more stuff done which goes back to the anti-routine it's not what
you are not doing which is causing uh it's nothing there's some secret
magic routine that's going to get you there it's just that most of the
stuff you are doing you need to stop and you need to enter into a season
of no those were the the primary tactics that I changed during the 18
months of going from almost bankrupt to taking home over a million
dollars a month when I was 27 years old and um I know I just went
straight into the rant here but if you don't know who I am my name is
Alex ramosey I own acquisition.com it's a I'm a business investor we do
we have about eight six portfolio companies at this point we do about 85
million dollars a year and I have nothing to sell you I make these
videos because I two was once broke and I don't want other people to go
through the same stuff that I did and

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 so if I can provide value to you and
make sure that my pain was not in vain all right so uh enjoy the videos
I appreciate you Mosey Nation if you're new welcome and I'll see you in
the next videos
