https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxVeOkOVr2w

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 three of the greatest offers of all
time were domino's offer some of you guys may remember this but it was
um delivered to your door in 30 minutes or it's free hello everyone and
welcome back to i guess my show so anyways um i guess you could call a
show i don't know thoughts anyways so um i wanted to make something so
this called the offer is king um and that's because the offer is king so
if you have a good enough offer you don't have to sell hard you don't
have to have amazing copy or amazing creative you just get a lot of
people to sign up for your thing and so if you really think about your
business most businesses should be founded on a core offer that is
exceptional like an irresistible offer that is what's going to grow the
business right and so

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 what i want to walk you through is uh
three really good offers uh the three components of those offers and
then seven ways to ethically use free so um we're gonna cover a lot of
ground really fast so um three of the greatest offers of all time were
domino's offer some of you guys may remember this but it was um uh
delivered to your door in 30 minutes or it's free right that's an
irresistible offer and they had pizza but because of that people wanted
to make the order they didn't have to sell them on it they saw the offer
and when they were hungry they were like shoot in 30 minutes i can do
that i can have pizza at my door and sometimes there's almost
gamification it's almost a challenge that's like well if it's not in 30
minutes i get the pizza free so um it's it was something that was
incredibly compelling and it was one of the fundamental uh keys to their
growth and why back in the days of yellow pages it was literally an
entire section was pizza no other restaurant had a food category of
pizza everything else is just restaurants right so um anyway that was
because of that one key irresistible offer all right the

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 next was uh 10 cds for a penny right
this was from i think it was sony way back in the day now obviously it
came with continuity and so that was kind of like the first trial offer
um but that offer is one of the single greatest offers of all time for
those who are old enough to remember it the third offer uh you may
recognize uh which is when it absolutely has to get there by tomorrow
morning and that is fedex so you'll notice the first two kind of have a
pricing component fedex does not but it has a really high value
component to it so i just want to break down these things into uh three
pieces each offer has a component of believability right uh there's a
famous marketer who said uh for every dollar you give me i'll give you a
thousand dollars back he ran an ad in the paper and he got zero
responses right that is a crazy offer but it's so good that it's not
believable and literally no one responded to the ad right and so one of
the things that makes offers believable is having a reason why that you
would do this right if you're like hey i'm you know i'm dropping all

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 my prices by half off because i uh all
my inventory's going to go bad people believe that they're like okay or
like i'm overstocked and i got to make room for you know new new
inventory everything's half off people believe that it's a good reason
why right so believability is number one number two is a high roi offer
so basically um an offer that people deem valuable uh that can be
communicated in a couple of words like guarantee you to your door in 30
under 30 minutes that was valuable for fedex it was at you know
delivered to wherever you need to be or wherever it needs to go by next
morning that is valuable right you can give offers but if people don't
find it valuable it's not going to matter right and so um the third
piece is kind of the business around it right and so that's kind of what
i want to cover with free offers because you'll notice the penny offer
is basically free uh the domino's pizza offer has a free component to it
and so understanding how to use free as a marketer is probably in my
opinion the single most valuable thing

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 that you can learn how to do it's
learning how to build a better mousetrap and so right now i'm working on
a book called acquire and the subtext is building a better mousetrap
which is just kind of like how to structure offers in a way that you can
get tons of volume but also make money on the offers right and so this
is uh you know my notes for the different ways that you can use free
offers and i think i have seven on here so i'll walk you through them
pretty quickly um to just kind of explain them so the benefit of having
free offers is that you get the highest volume of leads right number one
number two it's it's typically the lowest cost to acquire customers so
that's number two and the third is that in my opinion the key to having
massive growth is to having a free offer right and especially something
that's irresistible that can spread through word of mouth that other
people can comprehend all right so first of the free offers is a free
bribe offer right so this is where you offer a so when someone comes in
you offer a program for free as a benefit for signing up right so frank
kern way back in the day did a uh he had all of his courses that

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 he'd ever made so high value offer
probably 12 000 in value he said i'll give you all of the courses that
i've ever made absolutely free if you sign up for my 397 a month
continuity right my newsletter or whatever right so that's a free bribe
offer so you can use the word free brings lots of attention has huge
value in roi but it was a free with purchase right so that's kind of the
idea like if you buy this much smaller thing you get this huge value
thing for free and it's also a really nice price anchor okay so that's
number one if you're doing a fitness thing it's like hey um our six week
challenge is a thousand dollars or you can just sign up to become a
member and get our thousand dollar challenge for free and only become a
member for 200 a month right that becomes a really compelling offer lots
of people say yes and you get people straight into continuity all right
the second is a limited free offer a limited free offer is let's say uh
this is an a b closed when someone walks in the door um obviously the
vast majority of people are seeing this are gym owners so i'm gonna just
make it gym specific so if someone's coming in you say okay the free
thing let's say uh you sign up for a 14 day or let's say a 28 day you'd
sen you're coming in for 28 day

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 promotion uh the free thing uh has one
you know you could say 28 day trial they come in it's one day a week of
workouts you have no personalized nutrition no nutri no accountability
coach right now during the sales process they'll have already said
they're not motivated they need help blah blah blah and so then you
upsell right as american as apple pie a 28-day challenge or 28-day
intensive or whatever you want to call it accelerator where they uh they
pay 199 or 299 or whatever for the enhanced version that has three
workouts a week or unlimited workouts and personalized nutrition and an
accountability coach and if they don't uh you know lose 10 pounds in the
first 28 days you give them another 28 days free right so you have an
upsell from an initial offer that makes it incredibly compelling right
that's the point so they get all this volume for free but then you can
still upsell three out of four people into a paid offer all right so
that's how you use free and you can monetize it the third way of using
free is a free trial plus penalty so this would be a down so it so these
can be used in in conjunction with one another so if

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 someone uh doesn't take that that you
know the a b close that i just mentioned you could say awesome if you're
going to stay then you have to put a card down because you want to be
held accountable you have to work out this many times if you miss your
workouts we're going to charge you for the missed workouts and you have
to attend the you know a feedback session and a transformation picture
session and a nutrition session right if you don't show any of those
it's 50 bucks and so they have a huge motivator to actually consume your
product or service so the likely they convert on the backend is
significantly higher right that's the point and so that way at least
your trials become more qualified trials they're more invested and it's
a really easy close to close someone on on a free trial if you can't
close free trials then you have other issues okay um the fourth one is a
free with deposit so this is a classic um the old six feet challenge
that we ran for a very very very long time was probably the most popular
fitness offer in the last decade um was a free six-week challenge
obviously you always have to be compliant put stipulations for any types
of things things on your advertisements um states differ etc but that's
where if

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 someone hits a goal they do an outcome
um they can get their money back or get it credited towards something so
it's like it's free with a contingency so it's like you put x dollars
down uh if you do x y and z you can either get it back or you can get it
towards the program whatever right that's kind of the pitch there so
it's a free with deposit so free with stipulations all right the uh the
the fifth uh way of doing free is free forever and this is a really
compelling offer so this is where you have to really know how your
mousetrap works right so if you have multiple ways of monetizing a
customer i could say for example i will train you for free for
legitimate free like i will give you free training straight up your
membership's true forever right as long as you just do the things that i
tell you to do which may include buying supplements from us that's part
of the program now um a good friend of mine owned a a chain of shadow
franchise of uh weight loss clinics and they made only like five percent
of their revenue on service and they made

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 95 of their revenue on supplements and
so people would come in and they'd essentially give the service away for
free uh but they were required to use the supplements as a part of it so
that's a free 100 free but you're you're you're bolting on a different
revenue stream so that's where you can offer multiple services and
monetize a different service than the one you're giving away for free
right um and especially if you have something that's uh high margin uh
you can give that away for free if something's high margin and low value
uh it's an easy thing that you can give away for free and then give
something else away that's higher perceived value or make them buy
something that's higher perceived value people tend to appreciate
physical products more than they appreciate service or value service all
right so that's kind of a free forever model which is really
understanding how you can monetize the second need the next thing
they're gonna need after the first thing all right the sixth way is a a
free giveaway uh this is a classic you know you run you run a uh uh a
free giveaway let's say meals for a month right i'll pay for all

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 your food for a month i'll pay for
your whatever right um and so you get tons of people are gonna opt in
for that and you say like well we you know we picked one person but if
you still under the program it's this and we'll give you a discount
since you you know signed up or you know sign up to be a part of it so
the thing is is when you have this people are still raising their hand
to demonstrate they have a need for the service right and so if you have
a giveaway that's perceived as high value and something that's related
to the core offer that you have you instantly get tons of very cheap
leads that are qualified for the service all right um a good friend of
mine uh just started running a 25 000 transformation challenge and he's
getting people to buy without even doing phone calls um straight on the
page because it's a 25 000 challenge and it's like 300 bucks to sign up
online so people are seeing the huge giveaway and they're choosing to
participate um to have the have the have the chance to earn that right
now obviously with giveaways and things like that you always have to
make sure you're not gambling all that kind of stuff um but i'm just
talking big high-level

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 marketing all right um the next and
probably last one of these seven um there's probably more these are just
the ones i thought off on top of my head um is a free with free with
commitment so not contingency but commitment so that's where you say uh
your first 28 days or your first month is free um as long as you commit
to a nine month contract or you commit to a whatever right and so when
you do that you can still market free um you still you'd have to again
put contingencies in you want to be a compliant advertiser um but that
way you can still give people free on the front end it makes the sale
very easy puts a little bit more the onus on the fulfillment but if you
get the commitment which you should then you will be able to convert a
very high percentage of people in the front end and typically at higher
average contract values because they're not confronting that price on
the front end uh it's more like perceived value on the back end and
they're kind of sort of going to see how it goes right now that being
said during the process you still need to sell the people even if you're
not closing them so even if someone has

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 their caller file and it's planning on
rebuilding you still need to sell them on staying so just a big mistake
that i see happen all the time is that when people give trials and
things like that they're not actually they just sell the trial rather
than selling the continuity selling someone on trial is just selling
them on trying it you have to still sell them again even if they're on
you know auto bill or whatever because the thing is is you know thirty
percent of people who go through are gonna immediately call you up and
say oh no i didn't mean to let that go through and then you have
chargebacks and all sorts of crap so you don't want that make sure they
know they're going to get billed and if it were me i'd probably only
bill the people that um i knew had been sold and had kind of at least
verbally agreed to we already have the contract but at least i know that
they're in so um those are seven ways to make free offers to get lots of
people in the door and make irresistible offers that will ultimately
make you more money so learning how to monetize free is one of the
biggest tools in your skill set in your toolbox and if you don't know
how to do it you will be a significant disadvantage because your
competitors will be and they can acquire more customers at a

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 cheaper price than you do and if they
can monetize them in the ways that i just outlined and you just know the
metrics you know what percentage convert what percentage stay what the
average ticket is and that's why knowing the math is so important but if
you know those metrics then you can mark it with reckless abandon
because you know what your ltv is and you know that you can win based on
those numbers so anyways hope that was valuable for you uh the offer is
absolutely king like if you get the offer right someone should be able
to explain to someone else in like one sentence or two sentences what it
is that the offer is if if you can't explain it like that then it is not
clear enough to a prospect and if you get the offer right it will make
you more money than you know what to do with all right so anyways uh i
hope you guys have an amazing tuesday uh keep rocking and rolling and
i'll catch you guys soon like and comment if you found this valuable so
the gods of the internet will favor this and show it to more people
alright keeping awesome catch you soon \[Music\]

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 bye you
