https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxs5pN0ZnRw

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i'm going to share with you my plan to
get to a billion dollars a year in revenue and i'm going to answer the
number one question that i get most frequently which is why we don't
sell courses and why i give our stuff away for free without further ado
let's rock and roll so my name is alex mosey for those who are new to
the channel i own acquisition.com it's a portfolio of companies that
does about 85 million a year in revenue like i said i have nothing to
sell you and the reason for that is because those companies pay for all
the stuff that i have already and i don't think selling a thousand
dollar course is really going to be that meaningful to me so that being
said the exciting news um is why we are doing this and what you have to
gain from it in growing acquisition.com the portfolio companies we've
acquired a lot of skills along the way so uh how to create offers how to
generate leads how to monetize your acquisition so you can get customers
for free how to sell how to scale sales teams how to increase lifetime
gross profit per customer how to price adequately like the beliefs
around it how to exit the business all of these different things at this
point we've already sold seven businesses in my career we have six i
think right now in our portfolio companies we continue

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 to uh want to acquire more and so my
entire thesis behind acquisition.com and stay tuned because you're gonna
like the thing that i'm giving you at the end it's gonna be sick and
it's gonna be worth a lot of stuff to get on the internet the reason
that i do acquisitions.com the thesis behind it is that i believe the
education system is broken and many of you probably agree with me right
who wants to pay fifty thousand hundred thousand two hundred thousand
dollars a year right for an education that adds zero value if you can
get the same job at the same pay before you go in as you can get after
you go to college then what's the point right and not only that because
it's government subsidized they don't let you get out of the debt which
is insane to me in what world would you give an 18 year old 200 000 they
can never get out of right it's like making an irreversible decision and
and they do that because they saddle you with debt and they take 35 of
your paycheck for the rest of your life and you don't know that but
they're doing it through interest all right anyways that being said
enter acquisition.com the reason i believe that this explosion of the
guru space has happened over the last 10 15 years is because the demand
for high

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 value skills has not changed people
want to work by and large people want to provide value people want to be
good at something and exchange their time and effort and knowledge for
money right but the thing is is they're not getting the skills and so
they continue to seek and the demand is there it is just unsatisfied and
so because of technology right because of the changes in the world
technology and i'll quote nova all rivaks i like this quote a lot
technology democratizes consumption and consolidates production and what
that means is if you're the best in the world you get to do it for
everyone and so my thesis around acquisitions.com is that education will
become increasingly fragmented meaning rather than one big glop of
general education people are going to get more and more niche down in
the types of education that they learn they'll learn how to become
hairdressers they'll learn how to become plumbers they'll learn how to
run gyms they'll learn how to be online trainers learn how to be life
coaches to learn how to do whatever you know fix atm machines whatever
it is there are skills that are niche and more high value that they can
exchange in the marketplace for money and they can feed themselves and
so my

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 goal with acquisition.com is to give
the thing that i have that is more valuable than money for those who who
do follow our channel my wife and i donate about a million dollars a
year right now of a personal income and we've already signed away our
wills that we will be donating the vast majority of our of our dollars
to charities upon our death the thing is is that as much as i i can give
money the thing that i can give at far more leverage and at far more
scale is the skills that we have acquired in order to create that money
and i can do that at zero cost and so that is the thesis behind this is
that i want to take all the skills that i have and transfer them to
everyone else and the idea here is that i can help as many people get to
1 million 3 million 5 million a year and then maybe someday if it's
awesome if you're at 5 or 10 or 15 or 20 and you'd like to get to 50
million you'd like to get 100 million you'll allow us to to help and and
invest in your business so we can do it together otherwise everything we
have is free um and today mark's a very important announcement that i
have for everyone on the channel moseynation love you all and it's for
you guys the first

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 of 10 different courses at least at
this point i have 10 that are outlined that i will be releasing with
books and audio books and downloads to go with it so the first is uh 100
million offers this is a book you can get it on amazon for 99 cents go
grab it if you want the hard copy i think it says i think this is like
20 bucks uh but it's full colorful print and that i make i think a
dollar on this all right and i donated all the stuff to charity anyways
so you can get that and then on the site um you can get the downloads
and all that stuff you don't have to opt in anything you can just click
and download it has all the checklists all the sops everything that we
do to actually do this within our businesses all right you can just have
them and then we will be releasing all of the videos that you can find
on the site you'll also find them here on youtube as one playlist
alright so you can watch them uninterrupted no purchase necessary
nothing and this is why i do this for free is because candidly i have
gotten to a point where money only solves money problems and i have
solved all of my money problems and what remain are problems that money

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 can't solve and so uh in an attempt to
solve the problems that money can't solve which for me our meaning uh
meaning in life if i know that i'm going to be giving away everything
that i have when i die it sounds silly to not enjoy that giving process
while i'm alive and to give the thing that is more valuable the most
valuable thing that i have which are the skills and the beliefs that
i've acquired that have gotten us here which i believe that anyone can
acquire those skills those traits and beliefs if they want to and so i
want to make that available to everyone and anyone who has that desire
and so that is uh the reason that i wrote the book that is the reason
that we have the courses and that is the reason that i will continue to
do this because i really like it and so um i love you all um i am your
number one fan i'm rooting for you more than you can imagine um and
because i know that when i die eventually on a long enough time horizon
all of the money and wealth that our companies will amass will
eventually get

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 scattered to the wind and the legacy
that i will leave will eventually be forgotten and so i might as well
enjoy the ride with you all that stuff will now be live uh i will keep
you guys posted as we as we release new courses and books uh please
don't ask when they're coming out the the litmus test for when i will
release it is when it is good enough to be better than the thing that
you just had and so i always want to make it better and better and
better and the difference between good and great is vast and the
difference between vast sorry the difference between great and
exceptional or remarkable is even wider and it takes time to have
several coats of paint on work and let it sit and let it marinate and
let it simplify and distill so that i can try and transfer the knowledge
as quickly and as seamlessly from me to you as possible in a way that is
not boring as hell and so that is my goal all right and so uh at this
point uh the courses that will be coming out are first uh the one that
is now live is the 100 million dollar offers course how to make offers
so good people feel stupid saying no so right now if you struggle to
sell you struggle to get leads things like that it's

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 because usually your offer is poor
right so if you're not good at sales a lot of times the thing that
you're actually selling people don't want and there's ways to structure
the offer so way more people will buy it all right this is one of the
cornerstone pillars and i had some of the other courses already outlined
and written but i realized i had to do this first all right so i'm
teaching these courses in sequence for how you would do it to improve
and build your business the second course and book will be around lead
generation so once you have the offer the thing that you're going to
sell that people want it's how do i get more leads all right so i'll
show you the ways that we get leads in all the companies across all
different channels and the processes that we follow to do that the next
one after that will be called money models all right so it's how you can
grow without outside capital all right so we've been able to grow each
of these businesses that we have without any outside capital because we
use a process called client finance acquisition which basically means
that we use the money from the marketplace to fund our own growth so we
have a negative acquisition cost it means it costs us less money to get
a customer than than we make in it getting it all right and we can
collect more than that in 30 days of cash so we can continue to reinvest
in acquisition so the acquisition is no longer a bottleneck which leaves
us naturally the

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 next thing which is sales so i'll show
you how to script the sales process choreograph the process and the
words and all that kind of stuff that'll be the next book all right the
book after that be scaling sales teams all right because that's a whole
nother skill is scaling the actual team and recruiting and compensation
and management and training all that stuff and that's what really builds
big enterprises after that we'll go into uh pricing and increasing
lifetime gross profit per customer so how do you actually do that in a
way that is operationally efficient all right and so we've done this in
a lot of companies it's one of the things that we do very well because
the back end ultimately informs the front and the more money you make
per customer the more that you can ultimately uh spend on acquisition
and then scale the company as a result of that and at the end of the day
the product is always going to be the number one thing that ultimately
would determine the success of the company people think it's about the
marketing if you want to if you want to make a little bit of money sure
learn how to promote learn how to market like i mean anyone can sell
anything to somebody once right but the guys who build fortunes learn
how that once they make a sale they make a sale to get a customer they
don't get customers to make sales think about that for a second you make
a sale to create the

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 relationship of a customer that then
buys again and again and again and again built on the trust and the
value that you've provided in excess of the price that they paid right
people pay right for the discrepancy between what they pay and what they
get right that is the value that is the customer surplus that is where
they feel like they got a good deal and so a good deal has nothing to do
with the price but everything to do with the value and so my goal here
with everything that i have is that i'm pricing this at zero so that
hopefully you get the most value humanly possible and so anyways
moseynation i do this stuff for you guys um i do this because candidly i
enjoy it i had an executive coach a while back when i was kind of
feeling like i didn't have any meaning there was just lots of money that
was plowing in every week and i was like i don't know what i want to do
and she was like what do you enjoy doing and i was like well i enjoy
reading i enjoy writing uh and i enjoy uh transferring the skills that i
have to other people and i like drawing the frameworks out so that um i
learn in teaching and she was like well how can you design uh you know a
life around

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 that and so i went to work and that
was about a year and a half ago um was where the kind of the idea for
acquisition.com started um and i was like i want to help entrepreneurs
in general and i want to do it in a way that no one else is doing it so
that is um that's why i'm doing this and so uh yeah my goal is that if
you're if you're if you're new entrepreneur and you're you know trying
to make your first dollar first million or fifth million whatever it is
um that we can help you along the way and long term if you ever want us
to invest in your business if you cross the 5 million ish threshold
you're 5 or 10 or 15 and you'd like to get to 30 or 50 or 100 then
you'll allow us that that fun opportunity with you but otherwise uh
everything we have is free uh mosey nation i have nothing to sell you
keep being awesome and i'll see you guys in the videos
