https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsXZzgD\_k9k

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 the one thing that limits every
business is the entrepreneur not the opportunity not the business
vehicle not anything else it's the entrepreneur everything stems from
them there's three things you've got the skills of the entrepreneur the
character traits of the entrepreneur and then you have what i would call
the beliefs of the entrepreneurs what do they believe about the world to
be true and what do they believe about the world to be true that isn't
we have so many of these belief statements that like quote society are
things that we inherit but we just choose to say that this is how life
is the easiest way to think about this is an analogy which is if you
imagine a ladder right which you've got the ladder of success skills on
one side beliefs on the other side and then you've got character traits
in the middle as the rungs you might have a tremendous amount of skills
and great character but your beliefs are limited if all of a sudden you
see somebody have an overnight success it's usually because they had two
of the three already very very high level but they were missing some
huge parts some belief was wrong so for example for me when i went from
two million to seven to just under 30 in a matter of like three years i
believed things that were true about the world that weren't i didn't
know that licensing was a model i didn't know i could expand in that way
and in so doing i was able to explode because i got into

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 the right vehicle the vehicle wasn't
limiter it was me and my beliefs about it and then as soon as i changed
the way i saw the world i was able to get into a much better vehicle and
explode from there the skills we learn through education education comes
from repeatedly doing things and learning from that experience the
information that we acquire to learn things comes in a lot of different
forms now the things that i actually invested in workshops books
seminars coaching programs one-on-one tutors one-on-one mentorships and
google and i would say if i had to allocate uh amount of time spent
learning things google was still by far the biggest one it's funny the
other day i just set up this new widget for our site i googled it and i
did it in two hours and so i think that the amount of time that elapses
between wanting to figure something out and doing something the more
advanced you get shortens i remember it took me three years to figure
out how to build a landing page and the day i decided to do it it took
me four hours so it took me three years and then four hours to actually
figure it out because i was avoiding the feeling of sucking and so if
you can confront sucking faster and just get

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 over that idea that sucking is a bad
thing then i think you compress the time between you and the skills you
want the highest value i've gotten from is from one-on-one mentorship is
from people who are far ahead of me that were willing to speak
strategically into my life and that's usually because those people can
identify all three of those things they can identify skill deficiencies
they get to identify character trait deficiencies and they can identify
things that you believe that are true that aren't so that is where i've
gotten the most leverage in my life is on and i've paid 20 30 000 an
hour to many many different people just to have them speaking of my life
right underneath of that as i was coming up was joining masterminds it
was the getting around other people because for me was very lonely and
so just being around other people doing things a got my competitive
drive up because i always wanted to be the best and seeing people that i
didn't think were like better than me do something better than me gave
me hope that i too could do it i'd see somebody be like i don't think
they were harder than me i don't think they've got like some genius
brain if they can do it i can do it too also when i was in those
communities they would also already have sifted through information for
me because there's lots of information out there the problem is that we
have limited time so it's no longer about oh information's free you can
find anywhere it's not free it costs time to go find where it is and so
the

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 idea is when you pay someone for
information it's not you're paying for the info you're paying for the
time it took them to sort through it to hand it for you so you're
cutting time that's what you're saving when you exchange the money
that's the idea i think a lot of people don't get that this is the
actual order that i bought things so the first thing that i did i did
free interviews so i tried to reach out to people so i just said hey
i'll show you the stuff that i've got you want to share notes with me i
can drive out there we can meet up and that's how i learned a lot of my
initial stuff usually it was older guys who were willing to like you
know take a young young buck under their under their wing if you're
young the advantage you have is that you're young you can get a little
bit of that goodwill from older guys that you might not normally get if
they're the same age if you were like well the millionaire won't let me
pick his brain it's like well no his time's more valuable than yours
either pay them or you have to go down a run you have to keep going down
until there's somebody that's either a peer or just slightly ahead of
you who you can provide value to in a very narrow way the next one i did
is i i joined a mastermind that was ten thousand dollars and i was
saying backyard's mastermind recipes and he actually took enough of a
liking to me that he said why don't you just become my apprentice and
then he started paying me so it's kind of weird so i paid him and they
paid me back so i work from 4 a.m to 4 p.m every day with him basically
as his secretary and i learned

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 a ton three months just like learning
all these new terms sales copywriting affiliate marketing i learned all
this stuff just from him because he was in that world from there i
started my first gym and i stayed in that gym mastermind during the time
i also bought a weekend workshop for facebook ads i learned facebook ads
in a small group of 10 people in two days it was really valuable for me
then i didn't really do anything for a couple years and then i went to
traffic and conversion summit so that was an event and i just learned
more about marketing in general i got introduced to different softwares
that i then started using and then from there i kind of got more into
the digital marketing world so i joined some masterminds in that world i
didn't do coaching programs myself i actually ended up buying them for
teammates i think the coaching programs are really effective to teach
methods so if there's a method of acquisition you want to learn whether
it's like youtube ads or twitter ads or cold calling whatever it is
joining a coaching program but other people trying to learn the same
thing from study who's good is a great way to fast track your success it
just gives you the accountability it helps you resolve problems faster
what you're buying is speed it's not that you can't do it on your own
it's that you can do it faster with help if you're trying to solve a
specific problem finding specific coaching programs is really good if
you've been stuck for a long time i think that's where like

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 masterminds and 101 mentorship is more
valuable because you probably have a strategic issue more than a
tactical problem now the beliefs kind of get solved concurrently when
you're in communities because the best way to break a belief is to see
someone doing what you thought was not real and then have it happen a
lot of people have heard of the roger bannister story first man to break
a four minute mile and then the next year 28 people or whatever it was
broke the four minute mile and so the nice thing is that when you join
these communities the biggest benefit is not even the coaching it's the
beliefs that are broken and the things that you thought were false about
the world that aren't and i remember there was a moment where i was in a
mastermind and there was a guy making i think 350 000 a month and he got
up there and he sounded like an idiot and layla and i looked at each
other afterwards we're like if he can do it we can do it that was when
we weren't even doing that much money we were probably doing i don't
know 20 30 000 like it was not a lot of money so when i joined one of
the first masterminds i wanted to get my money's worth i want to get as
much out of this as i possibly could remember be everyone's number one
student i talk to every single person in the master i set up a call with
everybody and i was like hey i'm new i'm good at sales that was my first
skill that i had i didn't have any i didn't know what market i didn't
know ads i didn't know webinars i didn't know i didn't know any of that
stuff but i was like i know how to sell what i did was i

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 just offered every single person to go
over their sales script edit it the way that i would structure and then
rewrite them as sales script my way for free and i did that with
everyone and then what happened is i had all these big stack of ious and
then i was like i want to get into internet marketing and i was like
johnny was good at landing pages hey johnny remember i have to do that
sales thing do you think you could help me with landing pages sure man
of course okay what else do i need i don't know how to run ads hey sarah
you were really good at running ads remember that sales thing i helped
you sure of course and i get one-on-one tutoring from everybody on the
things that they're best at because i just gave everyone what i was best
at that's how i did it you want to become the most valuable person in
your network and then in so doing you gain access to everyone's network
like joe rogan doesn't need to network he just is joe rogan and so if he
wants access to somebody he gets access then because he is valuable i've
never been a fan of like the networking hacks it's just provide value to
people for nothing and then you will have people who owe you stuff
you've got your skills you've got your beliefs and then you've got your
character traits if there's one that is the most important i do think
it's character traits because the character traits are the wellspring
that the other things are are founded upon if you don't

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 have discipline you'll never be able to
actually study anything consistently to gain the skill if you don't have
focus and you're always building a new bridge every week about the new
business that you're going to do it doesn't matter how many skills you
have and the beliefs you have about the world zuckerberg couldn't start
17 facebook so you only start one you have to stick with it and so that
takes focus this is a really important point if you have a trait and
this is where it's helpful to have communities of other people and
ideally mentors etc who can speak in your life and there's not even that
many mentors who have the social awareness to say i don't think you have
integrity i don't think you have focus i don't think you have discipline
i don't think you have work ethic i don't think you have drive i don't
think you have empathy i don't think it's patience like these are
virtues these are character traits that people want to embody as you're
like how do you develop these traits you don't develop a character trait
you act in accordance to what someone with that character trait would do
and you do it despite being uncomfortable doing it so i'll give you an
example i was walking the other day with layla i was like god i'm so
impatient i was labeling myself as impatient and i've probably that's
been something i've believed my whole life i was like yeah i'm impatient
i'm an impatient person i'm go go go go but i also want to be a more
patient person i want

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 to be wiser i want to be more long-term
thinking and she said you're not impatient i was like what do you mean i
was like all i want is for all this stuff to go faster and she's like
yeah but you're not changing direction all your actions are one of
somebody who is patient so the fact that you're uncomfortable being
patient does not mean you are impatient it means you're just patient and
so your internal feelings about what you're doing have nothing to do
with the trait and so you think about the reverse of that where
someone's like i'm super disciplined except they don't do anything
that's discipline you're like no you're not they're like no but i feel
good like yeah but you're not disciplined you have no evidence to
support that you were disciplined the idea of building a character trait
is not do i have the character trait or do i not have the character
trait it's to what extent do i have the trait and so if you can think
about character traits that way then you can start reverse engineering
the character traits that you lack and this is really hard because one
of the things that i see with entrepreneurs all the time is what will
happen is that they will feel bad about something and then they will
want to change something in their business to make themselves feel
better they take those emotions and then they try and feel better by
erratic behavior that's non-directional and then they break

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 their original strategy the more
willing you are to endure discomfort for an extended period of time
based on a decision that you made in the past because you know it's
better for your future means you are more patient character traits even
more than any of them are a pursuit of perfection that we will never
attain but in understanding it that way you can see it as a journey of
trying to stack up wins in your favor you do the thing and you do it so
many times that at some point you look back and you realize you know
what i do do this most of the time i guess i do own this trait and then
you can label yourself as a patient man a wise man a kind man and i
think in doing that you'll ultimately tap into the wall spring that
allows you to grow beyond your dreams
