https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LeHKDGmEIQ

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 the problem is where you might have a
million things but you want two million things and you will not be happy
right and so you can simply change how happy you are by expecting
\[Music\] what's going on everyone i hope you're having a phenomenal
weekend restful time um this podcast is dedicated to all of the uh
younger entrepreneurs out there so this is a little departure from the
normal business owner but i think that you'll still find value in it if
you know any younger entrepreneurs or you have uh you know teenagers or
kids or you know college you know college aged people slash maybe even
people in their 20s 30s right who are getting into business and so maybe
you left your job and you're getting into business now whatever right
this would apply to you and it's regarding expectations and i think that
expectations are literally the thing that will destroy your life uh or
will make your life and many of us uh i think many people in general
have you know figured out and many world

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 religions have figured this out which
is uh you know the secret to happiness is uh haves over wants uh which
is let's say you have you know have one thing and you want nothing you
will be infinitely happy the problem is where you might have a million
things but you want two million things and you will not be happy right
and so you can simply change how happy you are by expecting less and so
one of the things that i specifically wanted to address today was the
expectations around education and the reason this is a really meaningful
topic for me is that i think i've talked to you about my neighbor and
watching him go through the the crazy expectations that he has as a
young person has been really valuable for me because i've also seen a
lot of those characteristics that he has in myself just add zeros to it
but it's still fundamentally the same thing and that's what's been uh
it's been meaningful for me and so anyways uh i have tried to frame
things

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 uh so if you are trying to learn things
which is going to be the first step to any kind of entrepreneurial
endeavor is i like to liken everything to a bridge because i think it's
a simple visual so imagine where you are on one side of you know this
this valley right is where you are and where you want to go is on the
other side of this big valley right and you have a bridge that goes
across the two sides now the problem is is that people will buy things
they will buy courses they will buy mentorships they'll buy workshops
they'll buy seminars they'll buy events they'll buy whatever right in an
effort on some level to get over this bridge right of where they are to
where they want to go and it could be from zero to a hundred thousand
dollars a year it could be from a million dollars a month to two million
dollars a month it could be from a hundred million dollars a year to a
billion dollars a year whatever it is there's a bridge right and along
that bridge are bricks and i like to liken um each skill as a brick on
the way

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 to where you're trying to go and the
problem with the expectations of somebody who's trying to learn a skill
or achieve a goal is that they have a binary outcome i either achieved
it or i did not i either am making a hundred thousand dollars or i am
not and the problem is it can be incredibly frustrating because if you
have a binary outcome then it's very easy to get a zero out of one right
where the reality is most things are exist on a continuum and so this is
the difference between a psychological binary and a and and the
biological continuum which is i'll give you a couple of examples so it's
not uh uh are you diabetic or you're not diabetic it's how diabetic are
you right it's not uh are you smart are you dumb but it's how smart are
you right and so we like to psychologically bucket things into yes knows
because it's simpler for us but it it it misses actual reality right and
this can be especially dangerous as we're trying to acquire new skills

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 and so the reason i liken this and i
think it's so dangerous in education uh because that's what we're doing
right if we're trying to educate ourselves trying to acquire skills is
that we think as we're trying to get across this bridge that let's say
you buy a course on copywriting right and so you're on one side of the
bridge you buy a course on copywriting and then you still aren't a
millionaire wow right the problem is you may have put another brick on
your bridge you may be closer to where you were to getting to the other
side of the bridge you just haven't achieved it yet and so this is one
of the issues that i also see um just in general like it's so funny
because in the in the in the i'll say quote guru world um you know
people will take on a coach that coach will move them forward you know
to a certain degree and then they'll take another coach and that coach
will move them forward to a certain degree and so forth and so on and
then the thing is is that they're they're like i'm working with
so-and-so i used to work with that person they suck right but the
problem and i used to do this right like and this is why i think it's so
ridiculous um is that like if you were looking at

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 your schooling right and you had a had
a third grade math teacher and then later you had a calculus teacher you
wouldn't be like screw that third grade you know uh math teacher the
stuff that i'm learning from this guy is so much you know more advanced
whatever right and i've had you know a lot of our clients say that about
their franchises that they work with and things like that and i just it
it drives me nuts because it's it's it's stupid you know it's for lack
of it's stupid because a lot of times you need you need step one to get
to step two right and you don't have to and p it's because people have
psychological issues but like they they can't they can't say i've
learned from all of these people right and it doesn't it doesn't
decrease your status to say i've learned from many teachers look at all
the richest people in the world they say like i've had multiple mentors
i've had so many people help me out over the years and i think if you
can shift that perspective it will be incredibly valuable for you but
one of the other things that's so poisonous about especially in the like
the quote make money world is that if we if if everyone in the world
viewed college because i think about this a lot

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 i'm like why is it that people will
spend two hundred thousand dollars four years of their lives study you
know aztec literature of the 1700s and get to the end and not in any way
be upset about the fact that they're not making money when they graduate
they can't even get a job like why is that and the only reason that i
can come up with is that they didn't expect to right and so that's it
like that's the difference is that people come in and part of that is
because the marketing messaging and the sales and all that kind of stuff
so don't be wrong like the reason that you know the big academic uh
powerhouse has been able to stay there well one is because they got the
government to get on board and give away free money so that's obviously
one part of it but the other part of it is that when people are coming
in they they expect nothing like nothing literally they're not expecting
anything they expect to get a check mark next to the name that says you
have a diploma congratulations right and so uh if my my my my request of
everyone um and i've requested this of myself is that when i go into
trying to learn

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 something that i do not have give
myself a binary outcome of uh did this work or did not work but instead
give myself the question am i closer or further away from my goal and i
think that has been tremendously helpful i've i've spent i mean recently
i i spent fifty thousand dollars on uh i think eight hours with someone
uh it was different than uh the the grant cardone one that i did um
that's that was four hours for 120 000 if you're curious um and honestly
i got enough value in the first hour that i was like i don't know what
i'm gonna do with the next three calls um with grant it was really good
um but the point is is you know with the other one that i did it was
actually to have assistance on a higher level project that i was working
on and about halfway through i realized that um it was not a priority uh
for me and so i could either say this got me you know i'm not gonna be
like hey screw this guy right or anything like that it was just um for
me if i can get the perspective that something is not a priority that is
valuable in and of itself and so does that take me closer or further to
my ultimate goal closer and so why would

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 i be satisfied and so shifting uh our
education expectations to is this another brick on the bridge to where
i'm trying to go or instead of excuse me instead of am i at my
destination or not and i think that this is probably one of the biggest
things that you can do or like that it's or it's been useful for me and
this is what i've tried to shift my neighbor's perspective uh for
himself on which is it's kind of alignment with that kind of investor
mindset which is if i were to look over a five year time horizon and i
were to continue to acquire skills like this would i and i put more and
more bricks on my bridge by the end of that period would i be better or
worse off and likely it'd be better but you will be worse off if you
keep trying to build a new bridge right and that's why when you jump
from opportunity to opportunity a lot of times you can never get to
where you're trying to go because you take two steps of progress and say
oh i'm not there binary outcome therefore i will start something else
and it's only after failing three four

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 five six things then on the seventh
thing you had enough acquired skills from your first six failures that
you are actually able to make it all the way across the bridge and
that's what's kind of interesting about this is that like there are
plenty of people who uh you know have come to us and immediately start
making a lot of money right and then they and then they're like oh my
god gem launch is awesome and the thing is is that like i we don't
honestly deserve all the credit because you probably like some of these
people may have gone through three four five courses that they believe
failed them when in reality there may be 38 skill sets that they need to
create their their business you know core skills and they may have
acquired 24 of them from other people and we just happen to be able to
get them the last 14 that gets them all the way across but because they
have a binary outcome expectation they then attribute all the credit to
us and i don't think that's fair um you know uh to themselves in terms
of their mental space but also to everyone else that they've worked with
right and so i think thinking about it this way has been

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 really helpful and especially and this
is again i mentioned the franchisor one earlier but i'm gonna say it
again i i can't tell you the amount of facilities specifically that
worked for the franchisor and then said you know started working with us
started making more money and we're like i hate my franchisor you got
you know like screw them blah blah blah but the reality is that many
times they wouldn't have even survived long enough without the the
fundamental bricks that had been laid by the franchisor with their
business model there's so many fundamentals that they may not even been
aware of and mistakes that they would have made that were avoided
because the franchisor got them 70 percent of the way across the bridge
right um and we just got them the last 30 right and so um another
perspective on this as well is that let's say you've got two people who
all have who both have all 38 bricks on this bridge right on the on the
path of your opportunity vehicle you're trying to pursue to get to the
other side right now let's say both of them have all both all 38 bricks
but with your learning style and their

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 teaching style you're only able to
accurate or you know absorb 25 of the first guys right it's kind of the
same thing right it's like for some reason like you know i maybe the
first ones you worked with taught you how to sell but like you didn't
absorb or wasn't real for you and then later on in your life uh you it
was able to be real for you and then you attribute your success uh to
the second person when in reality the first person helped you along the
way and so um this has just been really valuable uh for me from a shift
in perspective in my overall happiness um but also just in thinking
about outcomes and what what what do i believe is reasonable and i think
i've been i've been asking myself this question much more frequently
which is do i believe my expectations are reasonable and is there a way
that i can lower them and uh there's there's difference between lowering
your expectations of the performance you want of people i believe you
should be absolutely intolerant of people who do not want to be world
class at something or you should be intolerant of any lack

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 of effort but if you can maintain
absolute intolerance to anything but excellence but then also decrease
your expectations of the outcome then that is going to be a winning
formula so increase expectations on activity and actions decrease
expectations on outcomes and i think that that is a formula for business
success just as uh haves over wants is a uh formula for happiness in
life and so anyways i figured i would share that with you um just quick
quick recap of takeaways try not to think about things at least for me
this has been valuable i have shifted to going from binary is this good
is this bad two how good is it and instead of thinking uh this is what
needs to happen is is a first is that a reasonable expectation and b can
i lower it and b and c can i raise my expectations of the activities
that i would be willing to take to make my very low expectation so
believably reasonable to achieve that i should hopefully surpass it and

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 so um i think when we go into
expectations around education and skill acquisition and thinking about
things on the the continuum of am i closer or further from my goal as a
result of this decision many times we will think much more favorably
about our experience and be significantly less frustrated with what
might be perceived as a momentary quote setback which isn't even a
setback it's only a setback because we think it is rather than i am 22
of my 38 steps along the way and i just need to continue to identify
which of the bricks that i am missing to get me to my goal which is
ultimately the role um which is why so many you know billionaires etc
talk about having good mentors because they can look at your skill set
they can look at your bridge and say this is what's missing this is what
you need and the thing is is that when it's sometimes that last brick
it's that one thing that you need that you didn't see and then all of a
sudden you attribute all your success to that person when in reality it
was because you spent four years building the other bricks so anyways
hope that was valuable for you hope that made sense uh keep being
awesome

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 and uh having a happy and productive
life alright lots love stay real bye \[Music\] \[Applause\] you
