https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtE6kk0158o

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i was sitting in my quarterly
leadership meeting where everyone had flown into vegas for two days to
talk about the next quarter and our goals for the company and i stood
there and i was listening to what they were saying and i wanted to light
my head on fire what transpired next was a problem-solving process that
i want to share with you because it unlocked 10 million to 12 million
dollars in annual revenue for us that we had not been able to unlock for
two quarters because of one simple misdiagnosed problem and so the
purpose of this video is to hopefully get you to one avoid making that
mistake but two be able to use this framework so that you can solve the
right problems in your business so if you guys don't know my name uh my
name is austin mosey i own acquisition.com it's portfolio companies do
about 85 million a year and i have nothing to sell you um and the reason
i make these videos is because a lot of people are broke and i don't
want you to be one of them all right so inside of our quarterly meeting
for two quarters in a row my sales manager set the goal that they wanted
to add six more outbound reps two quarters in a row

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 quarter came quarter left quarter came
quarter left this is the third time that i've been hearing them make
this goal and everyone was nodding their heads and writing them down and
it seemed like everything was hunky-dory and i stopped and i was like
guys we've had this goal for for two quarters why do we expect it to be
any different this time to set the same goal and nothing's going to
happen and for context the reason i said 10 to 12 million is because
every outbound rep generates about two million dollars a year in revenue
for my business and so for me to have six more reps is about 12 million
so i'm not just pulling that out of nowhere that's where it comes from
back to the story i asked him i was like why weren't you able to do this
it's like well you know we lost a couple reps this last quarter even
though we hired some new ones and we pretty much have the same amount as
we we had before and i was like and is that what happened the quarter
before that too he's like well yeah i was like then how are you going to
solve this problem it's like um i don't know and then it hit me i had
been driving this guy and putting my pressure on this guy when he was
not the constraint of the system let me explain in every

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 system you have potential and you have
constraints most entrepreneurs spend all their time trying to add
potential to their business thinking that they are solving the
constraint but we will always grow any system will grow up to its
constraint and no further and so right now your business has a
constraint you have to identify it and what makes macro speed happen is
not is not the frenziness and the frenetic energy it's knowing which
problems to solve in what order and the example i'm going to give you is
showing you exactly why that didn't happen for one of my companies for
this specific channel we were marketing on which is outbound had we
identified this problem two quarters ago we would have added 10 million
to our top line for this year which we won't have so instead we're going
to get one quarter's worth of that so maybe add 2 million or 2 and a
half million to top line when we should have added 10 or 12 because of
this one problem and from the outside people are going to say oh well
it's because of x y and z but they didn't diagnose the root problem do
you know what it was i'll tell you so i then

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 turned to my hr director and i said how
many how many people are you sending the sales manager per week she was
like well i sent him about uh one qualified candidate a week and i was
like okay how many interviews does it take you to send one qualified
candidate she said it takes five i was like okay manager how many of
these final interviews does it take for you to get one person hired he
was like four i was like so it takes us 20 people that we got to get
through to get one new outbound run he was like yeah it's like okay now
given the churn that we had in the last quarter and two quarters because
just fyi for everybody frontline positions in general tend to turn more
than manager and leadership positions just this name of the game and i
was like okay so what is our churn in that position he was like it's
about 20 a quarter i was like okay understood now simple math here if we
have 10 people who are working outbound that's not the number but let's
just say it's 10. and we lose 20 then it means we're losing two people a
quarter if right now the process that you have gets us one new outbound
rep per month and we're losing

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 to a quarter that means we would net
one new person per quarter that is going to be very short of our goal of
six so what do we need to do we need to fix the actual hiring process in
order to meet the goal and so what we did was we actually i asked the hr
director i said why are we doing these one-on-one she's like well i
thought we had to do that miscommunication right it's all it was there's
a miscommunication so we don't need that for this position what she now
did the solution to this problem was that she's setting up she's still
running the ad she's still organizing the interviews but she set them
all up for the sales manager to do group interviews and now he can do
five group interviews for one hour per week and now he can pick one or
two of those people and get them onboarded quickly and he can start
hiring he will be able to hit his goal in that way and so the reason i
tell the story is because i just missed out on a bunch of revenue that i
should have been able to make because we were solving the wrong problem
all of the focus was on the sales manager and and who he was bringing in
and how he was training them

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 rather than because that wasn't the
constraint of the system rather than what is the acquisition process for
talent and so i'll give you a framework that i wrote down somewhere that
i'll probably share in another video but it's something called the quad
marketing calendar most people have no marketing calendar smart people
have one or two marketing calendars so the first marketing calendar and
you can draw this you know what i'll do for you right now alright so the
quad marketing calendar looks like this here you've got internal and
you've got external so here you have employees and you've got prospects
internally which is this way you should be marketing to your employees
so that you tell them about the vision and about the mission about why
you do what you do this has to happen all the time so that people
continue to want to work for you internally to your prospects which are
now customers over here you need to continue to market them to get them
to buy again and again right we need to keep them to keep buying

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 over here in external for prospects you
need to get people to become customers so we're marketing externally
most people understand this one this is the one that most people do most
people don't do this one most people definitely don't do this one and
i'll tell you the one that people miss the most this one is that they
don't have an acquisition process for getting new talent so just like
you run ads generate leads nurture leads set appointments sell fulfill
you should be able to run ads for new employees you should be generating
leads you should be working those leads you should be setting interviews
which are sales you make job offers just like you make normal offers and
then the onboarding experience that you have for a customer is the
onboarding experience that you have in parallel with an employee and
then just like you continue to ascend and resell

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 your customers you ascend and continue
to manage your employees these are parallel processes that happen in
every business and most people don't know about it and you heard about
it here first at the world's best youtube channel in the world with the
the handsomest and most uh sickly now rona ridden uh youtuber out there
and this is called the quad bargaining calendar and it was because we
were missing this framework my hr director did not understand this
framework that we lost out on 10 to 12 million revenue and i don't want
you to do that all right and so the reason i made this video is so that
you can recognize which of these four in the quad marketing calendar you
are not using so that you can shore up that part of your business and
ultimately scale it and make all of your wildest dreams come true all
right my name is alex from rosie like i said on acquisition.com i've got
nothing to sell you hope you enjoyed this video and i'll guys i'll see
you guys the next one keep being awesome bye
