https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX5zKeQu7ow

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i've had a massive shift in how i view
business and it has fundamentally transformed everything that i'm doing
\[Music\] hi my name's alex for mozy um i own a portfolio of companies
that has 85 million a year in revenue i have absolutely nothing to sell
you and this is purely because i just want to help more people not be
broke so that's the goal all right so one of the things i'm going to
tell you two stories that significantly changed my uh career all right
hopefully you'll be able to you'll be able to take the the message from
the story because i think they're they're really really good so when i
was just starting out in my gym launch business i had a gym owner who
said hey let's partner on this like you keep filling these gyms up in
full capacity why don't you just fill them and i'll come behind you and
operate them and i had a gym that was doing 4.2 million a year this is
what he was telling me and i really know how to operate the business you
know all the acquisition stuff so let's just partner up on this and i
said sure sounds fair enough it ended up being a horrible partnership
but that's not the point of the video the point is what i learned all
right and so we had two locations and the newest location had a whole
new staff and they were just

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 lackadaisical right they weren't they
weren't they weren't caring they weren't really doing a good job and he
said you know we need to we need to you know have a meeting and i was
like okay and so he said we'll have a meeting at the first location call
everyone there tell them to show up at four o'clock and the first
location was probably like 45 minutes away from the second location
right and at four o'clock so everyone's everyone's everyone's coming in
everyone's sitting down it's kind of awkward it's silent there's clearly
like some tension right and so at four o'clock he looks at uh his
assistant he says hey go down to the front um lock the door right of the
gym and she was like okay so she goes and locks the door mind you some
people hadn't shown up to the meeting yet right they were a couple
minutes late whatever and so all of a sudden as they lock the door like
30 seconds later someone's like banging on the door and it's like hey
open the door and he's like ignore him and and they were like like why
aren't you letting me in because obviously there's a meeting going on
right and then another person comes knocks on the door another person
comes knocks on the door now there's like three or four people and
they're like what the hell like why aren't you opening the door or
whatever right and so he tells uh his assistant he says go outside and

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 tell him they're all fired and he says
this before he starts the meeting and so i'm sitting there right and
everyone in the room is like oh right he just set the tone all right and
he reset the bar and i remember witnessing this and being like wow so
what he did was he reset the bar of this is how we perform when we say
we're going to be somewhere we're going to be somewhere at that time if
we say we're going to clean up after the session we're going to clean up
after the session if we say we're going to follow up with leads we
follow up with leads and what i have figured and i'm going to tell you
one more story and then we'll tell you the moral both of them all right
so pause on that for a second now when i had my first job i was a uh
actually i think it was my first it was my first job i was a blender
tender at smoothie king all right and so um i learned a lot about what
to do and what not to do when i was in this business it was a small
business owner i think he had two locations to three locations at the
time his name was dave really nice guy what's up dave and i was trained
personally by dave so dave trained me and i was you know enterprising
young man i wanted to do a good job and so i showed

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 my first day at work um at one of his
newer locations you know after you know between people walking in you
were supposed to like mop the floor clean the counters like just clean
it just make it look good restock the shelves and so i started doing
that when someone walked out the door it's my first shift right and the
manager was like what are you doing i was like i thought like i was
worried i was in trouble so i was like i thought i was supposed to i'm
not supposed to restock the shelves like i thought i was supposed to do
that right now because like there's no one here and he was like oh yeah
you don't need to worry about that he's like we don't do any of that
stuff and i was like oh okay boom new cultural norm all right so what i
was supposed to do and what the owner had trained me to do and then was
always complaining about how no one ever did what was supposed to do the
manager was telling me that i didn't need to do that stuff what i
learned from this right and i'll just call that manager john right
actually i'll call it manager vince this is the name i'll use so i said
so do you in your business have events are you the vince in your
business do you have someone in your in your business that's the vince
that's secretly destroying your business all right so let's rewind to
the the

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 original story about the first
homeowner that was talking about so think about the difference between
both of those styles of management i'm not saying the first is right or
the seconds right whatever well the second one is definitely wrong right
but when you look at that what it was was setting the tone and the
reason that my views on business have dramatically shifted is that i
have always had a tendency to lean towards strategy acquisition
monetization pricing structures and all that stuff is important but i
think within a business there are two components to it you've got the
smarts and you've got the hearts and you have to have both and i think
that most people overestimate the importance of smarts myself included
and i think that there's a lot to do with the hearts because business
strategy overarchingly is not that complex like you really think about
it right it's like you got to find something that's good that people
want and you sell it for a lot more than it costs you to do it and you
do as much of that as you possibly can like that's kind of the idea
right and the thing is is it gets lost in the execution it gets lost in
the doing

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 right as soon as you hire first
employees you're like no employees can't boys can't do what i can do
it's like well that's a horrible belief you should probably change that
before you try and move forward that's a limiting belief right if you
want to have a big business and so when i think about this from a
cultural standpoint and this is what has shifted for me is that it's
become so much more about the soft skills it's so much more about
coaching and developing the leaders of the company it's it's so much
more about addressing behavioral dynamics of someone that are limiting
them more so than it is about tinkering and i can't help but think that
so many entrepreneurs myself included i spent so much time tinkering and
and tweaking things what if we change this in our sales process what if
we change this on this page what if we change the offer like this what
would you change this on the price what if the payment turns blah blah
blah all these different things right and think about this for a second
for yourself how many things have you tinkered with in your business
over the last however many years how many months and your business
hasn't changed at all right because the real problem is not the strategy
the problem is not the smarts right the problem is the heart right the
people are not doing what you want them

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 to do because they don't understand why
they need to do it and why it's important right and that's the soft
stuff and you've got you know people who don't want to talk to each
other because they don't like each other because one guy's really
annoying and so it's like it would be it would better serve you to fix
that problem than to try and come up with some new strategy right
realizing that has been one of the biggest breakthroughs that i've had
in my career those two stories should illustrate the difference between
having a championship mentality um and having a loser mentality and what
might be going on in your business and i'll leave you with one more
story really quickly so if any of you has ever been on a championship
team right if you've ever played in a sports uh arena or whatever and
you've been on a winning team you've been a losing team right and you've
probably been on a losing than a lot of good players but you guys were
not connected you weren't concerted you weren't aligned right on the
flip side you had a winning team and it was like everyone showed up to
practice everyone you know tried their hardest it was the effort and the
consistency and the alignment of the team that accomplished the goal the
rules were the same everyone was trying to do the exact same thing and
so when you think about the entire business landscape right your
competitors have access more or

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 less to the same talent pool that you
do they can see what your strategy is overall and most people are not
that dumb right and so as long as you have a relatively sound strategy
like you're not selling things at a loss right then the difference
between the two is going to be your ability to execute and have people
execute on your behalf and so that's going to come down like for us as
ceos we do shift towards becoming championship team coaches which is why
john wouldn't if he had run a business would have had a championship
business because he focused on the fundamentals and one of my favorite
sayings of all time is advanced people never don't do the basics
advanced people never don't do the basics i would go to i would go to
these stages and i would watch guys get on stage and they'd say you know
we we follow up with all of our leads you know within five minutes you
know when we get on sales calls we always ask them why they're there we
label them a problem you know we overview some of the passings they've
done and then they they follow a clear framework then as soon as someone
buys we you know we have a good onboarding process and nothing they say
is revolutionary it's just that they actually do it and the people are
actually on their behalf they're not the vince or don't have a

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 manager like vince who's telling them
they don't that they shouldn't have to do that work right who's
sabotaging the business what they did is they set the tone and then they
carry the bar and so their job is to be intolerant of anything but
excellence and to reinforce that in the culture so that it's
consistently executed across the company because that between two
companies with the same strategy will make the difference between
somebody who yields disproportionate returns on advertising crazy
profits good growth great retention on employees low turnover from a
company that doesn't have that right even though they both have the same
strategy even if the smaller company has the better strategy this guy
will win and this has been one of the most profound shifts that i've had
as a ceo now owner of companies is what i'm looking for is i'm looking
for just as much soft if not more soft skills interpersonal dynamics
self-awareness then i look for skill um in particular you know like this
guy's really going to finance it's a really good product this person's
really good at marketing sales like i'm looking way more for character
traits now and now that i think about it when you

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 if you're thinking about yourself
right then i would look in the mirror and say like am i really are we
always doing the basics because if we always do the basics we will be
advanced because that is what advanced people do is they never don't do
them and they have a culture that reinforces that standard so i hope you
enjoyed the first story hope you enjoyed the vint story make sure you
don't have any vince's in your business uh my name is alex mosey on
portfolio companies like i said earlier that does 85 million in revenue
i have absolutely nothing to sell you lots of broke people in this
channel to make sure that you are not one of them keeping awesome click
subscribe and i'll see you next video bye
