https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xFtox66U28

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 welcome to the call today i want to
open the floor up to ask you guys because i'm sure because it's been
it's been 30 days since last time we spoke so if you guys have questions
in the chat burning burning things decisions that are impending things
you are unsure about strategies that you need to validate or even just a
a verbal high five please put in the chat i'll go i'll go from top to
bottom and then we'll rock and roll from there mr pittman question that
leans on philosophical meaning of lifestyle what's sure let's uh let's
let's rock it let's do it so in your podcast you talk a lot about the um
like how happiness is like the equation of like warrants versus needs
and like i had a million cash in the bank but i was living off of 30
grand or something like that and so like were you have you always just
been predisposed to wanting less or is that like a skill that you learn
because most people are like yo i

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 want to make millions and millions of
dollars so that i can get more at least that's kind of like where i was
the direction i was going until i like started listening to you and now
i'm thinking like um you know and so i'm just curious to know like if
that was just like a natural like predisposition that you had or you
like got to a certain point to where you're like okay now that i've
experienced more i want less like how did that all kind of play out
because i think it would help me become more happy man that's a loaded
question it has probably been what that question has been the the
primary thing that's occupied my myspace in the last 18 months and so
for context i don't talk as much publicly about what we do but like
between our all of the companies that we own we're doing just under two
million a week like i don't need to take these calls right i do these
things because like they're the few things that i drive joy from like i
love you know like i like hearing peter's updates i like karen patrick
knowing that he's he's he's moving you know for the chiropractor
business and jason's

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 finally getting his \[ \_\_ \] legion
uh is set up and mack you're doing your own dance thing which is sick
you know what i mean and michael i know i remember your first sale like
that that is where i find meaning and so i think first off if you
redefine the term from happiness which is which is based on outside
circumstances you are happy as a reaction joy comes from within which
means that i can be sad and sorrowful and filled with joy you can mourn
and be joyful because joyful as an ex is how you choose to experience
the circumstances so first i would redefine the word that you're
shooting for right the second thing is is asking like but why right and
so a lot of us want to make money because we're like i want to you know
and and then and then when we talk publicly it's like i want to leave a
legacy i want to leave an impact blah blah blah right all that stuff i
want to help people but the reality is that everything that you do that
is external achievement is ephemeral and what it means is it literally
only exists on the physical plane and that physical claim is temporary
which means it will end which means that

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 all of the achievements and all the
things that you're doing on this plane literally by definition will have
no lasting impact and so if it means that nothing that you do any all
the things that you accomplish and all the things or rather the wealth
that you accumulate will eventually disappear it changes the perspective
somewhat and so the way that i like to think about it is the analogy of
a casino and so i think all of us are given a token when we're you know
when we come of age and start to get into the game and we sit down at a
table and we play and we play and we play and we play and the players
around the table are bragging about how their how big their chips are
some players win some players lose and more more chips get stacked right
but the difference between that casino and the casino of life is that at
the end of the day you leave the table with your chips still on it and
you don't cash out and then everyone takes the chips that you had there
so you're playing a fake game with fake money and so i think when you
realize that like you can buy a castle you can buy a

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 house and there's a person in india who
has no shoes who has more joy in their life you realize that none of the
things that we do to accomplish serve any real meaning whatsoever they
really just act as the shovel that we use to dig the holes that we're
going to fill back up at the end of the day when we die and so it's like
what shovel do you want to use to dig your hole and so i like to think
of those things as what things do i inherently find joy in and so for me
i enjoy learning and i learn through teaching and so that is how i
derive meaning and the only thing that i can dedicate my life to that is
eternal are things that will last past the physical plane which are
values and so if you can shift your decision-making process from
outcome-based decision-making process to value-based decision-making
process

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 you'll always feel in alignment with
your identity and so for me when i experience alignment between what i
truly believe what i say and what i do i feel like i'm acting in the way
that i that is in alignment with who i am and so i think that a lot of
us have made decisions or say things that are contrary to what we
believe or we do things that are contrary to what we say we do things
contrary to what we think and we experience dissonance and that's most
of our lives and so i think that if you can free yourself into thinking
i can i believe these things to be true i say them with certainty and my
life is a reflection of those things which i believe to be to be
meaningful and i can dedicate my life to that eternal value and that
value will exist after i die and so that for me is is is kind of where i
derive meaning from work that was helpful um yeah i was real big

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 how have you defined your values though
you know like did you like sit on a stone say like i value integrity and
courage and like what does what does that look like and how does that
play i mean obviously if you do business you're doing it with integrity
and courage or whatever your values are but like how do you make if you
think about it there's a lot of times where where we we sacrifice we cut
a small corner right and so where we cut the small corners a lot of
times it's not anything that anyone else would notice it's just that we
know it like you make the email campaign and you just know you didn't do
your best you just wanted to get it done right you made the ad and you
didn't really go through the process that you know you should be going
through right you made the the vsl and you just tried to knock it out
because it was on your to-do list rather than thinking like i'm going to
make this truly excellent and so every time you do that you live outside
of the values that you have for yourself and so i think that like you
you feel

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 like you live in alignment when what
you say to others about what you believe is actually what you do and so
yes sure we all believe in being honest sure we all believe in trying
hard sure we all believe in doing your best but no one \[ \_\_ \] does
man i out work everyone was like go to \[ \_\_ \] china where they work
six days a week 12 hours a day and that is their 40 hour work week and
tell me how hard you work i work the weekend you're so hardcore right
and then why is working even considered something that's laudable right
laudable like why is it why is that even anything because like we're
supposed to be doing things that we enjoy that we derive meaning from so
why should we be louded for doing things that we find joy like that we
derive joy from just interesting thoughts but um anyways michael that's
um that's my that's my two cents on it
