https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN--zZi3Nfc

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going on mosey nation in this
video this is a hot take uh that i had when i was uh very very fed up
with the amount of people who are failing at life in business um and
this is one of the top 300 videos that i released into a private uh
community that i had for uh three or four years that were not public um
and so i wanted to share the share kind of the best of that community
and uh this one was entitled i have the tiger and sustained victory and
it was i think a a my chat mind set and perspective shift that will
provide significant value to you and i think it will be worth the uh the
investment of time to get the the return from it and so uh if you're new
to the channel by the way my name is oxford music i own acquisition.com
it's a portfolio of companies that is about 85 million a year and i have
nothing to sell you all right so i make this channel and i make these
videos because a lot of people were broke and i don't want to be one of
them and so that is why i try and share the lessons and the failures
that we've had to get to this point because i think that a lot of people
can be more successful if they

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 just had a couple of different tools
and frameworks to see the world so lots of love and enjoy the video what
i wanted to talk to you about today was i have the tiger so i just had
our like a three-day mastermind type thing with the top sellers so two
of the three gyms who came here were over seven figures and the other
one is gonna probably hit it within the next three months um so it's
really it was great because it was a really higher level conversation
that i might typically have with a much burst which is fun what we
talked about was kind of more amorphous but i think it's incredibly
valuable and i think it's probably the the one thing that sets apart the
guys who are really winners slash gals who are really winners and the
ones who aren't and so it's really just around hunger what i mean by
that is recently i had some of our some of our older og gym lords who've
been a while you know i mean they they they turn their gym around
they've grown they're you know you know close to seven figures or right
around there and they've been doing it for a while and they were
complaining about show rates they're like hey our show rates are low and
um you know you go through the same well you're doing the reminders are
you doing all this stuff like yeah yeah

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 we're doing all this stuff okay cool
and i dig a little bit deeper and i look and it turns out that they're
only open one hour per day at 7 15 a.m for their availability
availability for for new clients and i'm like how the \[ \_\_ \] do you
think that you're going to grow your business if the only time that you
can take new customers is at 7 15 a.m in what world does that make sense
right like imagine a grocery store that's only open from seven to 7 30
because that's when it's convenient for the owner what chance do you
think that that that grocery store has at succeeding virtually none and
so what happens is people have success they implement tactics they use
gym watch and then they make money right and then what happens they get
comfortable they get complacent right and they lose their hunger like
after that point everything like it's almost like i was supposed to say
like after you after you've like made it in your mind and that's what's
funny is that making it in some people's mind is like having 10 grand at
the bank

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 account so like it's scary in terms of
what level of making it is but like once people have made it i almost
want to say like none of these tactics matter because you're just not
hungry like it doesn't matter like the obvious \[ \_\_ \] you aren't
doing you know what i mean if your child was going to die or your spouse
or your city together your family member whatever it was was going to
die unless you succeeded unless you got more clients unless you made
more money with your gym how would you approach it right would you only
be available for one hour a day would you only be available from seven
to eight a.m would you only set aside an hour a day to prospect for new
customers would you only reach out to your existing customers if they
hadn't shown up for a month sometimes people ask questions that they
already know the answer to it's like duh no \[ \_\_ \] right and and and
it goes back to the the main thing which is like what drives you but i
think what drives you what drives you to be better what drives you to
continue to want to win i was asked that question yesterday by the the
gym words that were

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 here and i think honestly it comes from
a dark place and i think i've said this before but like i'm saying it
again because i think people need to hear it sometimes you have to
wonder like why is it that only when someone else's life is on the line
do you then actually try right like why is it only then you actually cut
all the noise out of your life and then would go laser focused on
actually succeeding like why can't we do that all the time right like
why can't we do that because it's like well then i wouldn't be happy
whatever right like whatever happiness means right and so the people who
are the most successful in the world are driven by something that is
deep inside of them that it's normally an insecurity or a fear of some
sort if you are only trying to make enough to live on you will always
only make enough to live on and you will slack the moment you get
comfortable and you will wonder why is it that as soon as i start making
money i stop because you actually don't want to make more

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 that's why you actually don't want to
make more and so your internal motivation is not there like because
you've accomplished what you set out to accomplish the real question is
do you actually want what you claim to want do you actually want it
because if you did you'd already have it you'd already you'd already be
willing to sacrifice other things in order to achieve it and that might
mean like maybe waking up earlier maybe like working 4 to 8 p.m to take
sales appointments or whatever that thing is it's just the obvious \[
\_\_ \] like if you were coaching you what would you recommend you to do
right like a lot of times if you think about like you most of the time
know what to do like you do on some level like you probably know that
you're like man i do stupid \[ \_\_ \] sometimes right you probably
think that on some level sometimes right then you're like man if i were
if you could step out of yourself and say i need to coach myself you
probably have the answer and it's just that you don't do it for some
reason and so all of your attention should be on that reason why

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 is it that this thing has prevented me
from doing the things that i already know i should do like this last
mastermind that i had for the top sellers was really interesting for me
because it was the first time that i had no one who had extra \[ \_\_ \]
i didn't have any like everyone there had really like clean lives
outside like really focused and just focused on doing the things that
we're gonna grow their business the conversations are actually really
easy and very direct most times it's like okay well here's the obvious
hole in your business but you're not doing anything about it so let's
attack why you're not doing anything about it right and so then i have
to spend the next hour and a half digging into why they're not doing
anything about it which has much more to do with how they manage their
headspace and how they manage their relationships and how they manage
their you know because what ends up happening is they start focusing on
their business their personal life goes to shambles they then are like
oh my gosh my personal life is going to shambles i need to stop paying
attention my business they go to pay attention to their personal life
and their gym explodes right it's just this consistent cycle because
they just don't know how

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 to just do both or they don't know how
to prioritize those all this to say like it's just like how hungry are
you like how willing are you to put in what you need to achieve like and
if you're not then that's cool then just to stop stop saying you want it
you know i mean just be like i only want to make ten thousand dollars a
month that's it it's like cool then just say that and be good with it
rather than constantly complaining about how you're not because you're
not even willing to do the things that that you already know you should
do like right now i get on the phone the gym owners are like i know i
should work my leads harder i know i know i should go through the sales
trainings more like i know i should you know go through the portal i
know i should i know i should meet with my team more i know i should
pour my like then why aren't you why aren't you like why like why like i
know like i know you have time because other people have time and have
the same business as you so you have time so why aren't you because once
you have the tactics right and this is one of the biggest the freeing
and also most soul-crushing parts of gym launch is that once once once a
gym owner joins gym launch

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you know how to make a seven-figure gym
you know how to do it and so then it reflects back onto you it's like oh
\[ \_\_ \] i'm the reason that we're not there and you have to swallow
that right because up until they go to gymlodge people been doing it for
five years seven years eight years and they're like i don't know how and
then once they see how then they're like oh \[ \_\_ \] i'm not sure if
i'm willing to do that it's like cool once they know that there is no
secret there is no hack it's literally like a micro photos he uses the
term chopping wood like i call doing the boring work it's like it's
chopping wood it's reps it's day in day out you got to reach out to
people you got to give great service write the handwritten cards like
remind people to weigh in you have to work the leads when the person
comes in the door you have to be enthusiastic you gotta greet them with
a smile you have to ask the same questions over and over and over again
because to that person is the first time they've ever heard and it
doesn't matter if it's the hundredth time that month you asked the same
questions to that person to that person's day one and so if you were
trying to be successful do

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 you think that only having
availability for sales appointments at 7 15 to 7 45 in the morning once
a day is going to get you the optimal outcome do you need a coach to
tell you that really you know what i mean like really and and so like or
or there was another one i saw that was like between 9 a.m and 11 am
that was their availability hmm good luck with that that's when that's
when the people who have the most money are available right nine to one
during the week we know what to do right anyone who's in our world like
you know what to do it's just you have to figure out why you're not
doing it right and then attack that because the tactics aren't the thing
anymore right the tactics are there you can read a book and give it away
for free right like you can do that but like figure out why you're not
hungry figure out why you're not like why you're not trying like just
figure it out like there might be something inside maybe you don't want
more and like you need to discover that it's like okay then like now you
know but like if you claim to want more and yet you can't do what's
necessary to

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 get more then that's where your
attention should go and you should figure that out because otherwise
this doesn't matter what tactics there are you're just not going to do
them anyways so what's the point so anyways it was incredibly refreshing
to have the three guys who are out here um we had ed turner uh mike
great phones both of those guys have been over you know some figures uh
run rates for a while and doing really really well those guys were just
like what do i need to do like because they're like they're clear eyes
you know toes forward know exactly what to do and i was like why is it
that these meetings are so much easier than some of the other meetings i
had and so we've probably spent a little bit of the day kind of digging
into that and um it's just a question how bad you want it i really think
that's it and like figuring out why you're not doing what you already
know you should do in order to achieve it like do you need to go pay
someone a bunch of money in order to then get motivated i don't know
like hopefully your kid doesn't need to be kidnapped in order for you to
get motivated about your business hopefully right and so it's like what
what is that thing for me it's just fear it's just fear and insecurity
it's fear failing

12 00:11:00.000 --\> 00:12:00.000 fear of not being good enough fear of
people who hated to be right you know what i mean that's what my fear
and so i just like that's what drives me it's not about money like it
couldn't have been about money because i don't need any more for the
rest of my life at all it's like it can't be about that but if it is
like about that for you and you feel like when you make your first
twenty thousand dollars take a month your first forty thousand take a
month your first fifty thousand hundred thousand dollar take a month the
first time you hit that like if that's where you're like oh and you feel
this big sigh of relief then your motivation is not coming from the
right place i'm telling you straight up if you feel relief when you make
a lot of money one month your motivation is not coming from the place of
a champion if you want to be the best in the world at something that's
not going to do anything for you you shouldn't feel anything from that
you feel nothing really because it's not about that that's just that's
just an output that's an output from internal efforts and should be
focused more on the internal efforts and all of the deficiencies that
you probably had and still hitting 100k it's like oh my gosh

13 00:12:00.000 --\> 00:13:00.000 if we hadn't done this this and this
we would have been less right and if we had done this in this we would
have been more like that's what you're focusing on and you're only
focusing on those things and um if you can do that then you'll be able
to unlock something inside of you that's much stronger than what might
currently be driving you anyways guys hope you have an amazing uh
saturday drop a like if you feel like this is cool drop a comment if you
feel like it was cool if you don't then that's cool too anyways guys
have an amazing day and i will catch you guys soon hopefully that was
valuable for somebody who is on the fence who's like not sure about why
they can't achieve what they want why they can't be consistent it's
because your motivation is not coming from the right place right you're
just trying to make enough money to live on and the moment you make
enough money you stop working and then you wait for things to blow up
again until you try hard again how many times all right i'm going to a
second little rant how many times have you needed to make money and then
immediately made the amount of money that you needed in like a day in
like a week right you need to make payroll i gotta make 10 grand the
next three days how do how many times

14 00:13:00.000 --\> 00:14:00.000 has that happened to you and you
always make it work why because you already know what the \[ \_\_ \] to
do right you just choose not to do it you choose not to do it you choose
not to make money when you know how to make money because whenever you
need to make money you make it and so that's what you have to attack you
have to figure out why when you already know how to make money you don't
do it that is the the summary of this entire this entire talk that i was
trying to get out of myself is like you already know how to do it when
you need to do it you do do it so why aren't you doing it that is what
you need to focus on and if you can conquer that piece no amount of
money in the world will satisfy you and that is what's going to unlock
your ability to become greater and for you to build your business to
something that is much greater than yourself because if the only thing
that you want to satisfy is you you're going to stay this small you're
gonna say this big because to satisfy a single person or a single family
doesn't mean a lot right but if you want to satisfy a community you want
to satisfy a state you're a satisfied nation you want to satisfy an
entire group of people it has to be bigger than you

15 00:14:00.000 --\> 00:15:00.000 and um and so yeah so anyways uh
hopefully that might have resonated with somebody and if it didn't then
um i apologize for the extra aggressiveness on this saturday morning um
but anyways drop a like drop comment and uh lots of love and i'll catch
you guys on the flip side all right
