https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErWpi\_91b70

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 i'm probably gonna piss a lot of people
off in this video and that's not my intention but you come here for the
uh unaltered you know raw truth uh and so that is what i'm going to try
and provide you just fyi my name is oxford rosie i own acquisition.com
we do about 85 million a year in revenue and i have nothing to sell you
so one of the biggest things that i talk about all the time on this
channel in terms of how to grow is that there are three different
components to growing your business right you have your skills as the
entrepreneur you have your character traits as the entrepreneur and you
have your beliefs and what happens is most people continue to add
potential to their business but do not grow their business because
they're not focused on the thing that is the constraint and that's kind
of the fundamentals of the theory constraint is that a system will grow
to its constraint and no further basically you grow until you are
bottlenecked and then that bottleneck becomes the weak link in the chain
so to speak and then you cannot grow past it and so people do all these
other things which add potential they add strength to the other aspects
of the chain they had they refortify other aspects of the bridge but not
the weakest point and so they actually never make more money and they
stay because they have not attacked the constraint

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 and so last night i was at a dinner um
with a couple of entrepreneurs young doing a couple million bucks a year
and their constraint was so evident to me that i figured i would make a
video about it because i think it will be helpful for you as well and so
there's two things that i want to bring up uh and what's interesting is
that as i you know when i talk to younger entrepreneurs i would say
younger being with quotes less experienced whatever entrepreneurs their
out points are clearer and what i mean by that is the red flags the
things that are limiting them are clearer to me than say people who are
further along right and so with this particular uh couple of
entrepreneurs the limiter were two things they were both based on
character traits and so i thought that you know a lot of times i talk
about skills i talk about beliefs but i don't talk about character
traits as much and i thought this would be a useful example for this a
couple of the statements they said throughout the dinner really rubbed
me the wrong way not personally but just in terms of me looking out for
another entrepreneur um they made i am statements which are

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 in my opinion some of the most powerful
statements that you speak over yourself about what you believe to be
true right and so they said uh we are high anxiety people we uh have
lots of anxiety and i i don't even like saying it like myself to make
this video for you because of how much i i hate that type of statement
the second thing i heard later on in the conversation they said
something to the degree of um i'm an all or nothing type person like i
either have to you know go full send mode when i go out or i can't drink
uh or a different example of that same concept would be like i either
have to you know train really hard and and you know take take all the
supplements right in the in the meantime or i or i just sit on the couch
and eat oreos right and when i heard both of these things and there were
other traits that they brought up but these are the ones that i'm just
remembering off the top of my mind i paused and i was like do you
believe that that do you think that belief serves you they're like what
do you mean i was like do you think that that belief serves you that you
are all or nothing that you will have to go full send mode or you

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 have to stay in they're like well
hadn't really thought about it like that the thing is is that when we
make these statements and the thing is maybe the further on in the game
you go and this is why i think mentors and having people outside of you
to speak into your life that you trust is very useful because they can
hear you speak these limiting statements over yourself right um and i've
told this story before in the past but i'll say it again i used to tell
people that i was bad at math most people now would never can say that i
was bad at math people would say i'm pretty good at math right and i
thought i was bad at math until i was 26. think about that for a second
like 12 26 i thought i was bad at math like isn't that crazy right and i
say this because there are so many beliefs that we we speak over
ourselves these traits that we claim to have we claim them right as
though they are ours but they are not in order to grow your identity
must be whatever is required to grow period that's it so if this season
of your life requires you to be more assertive then you would say i have
a tendency based on external circumstances to be more assertive in these
types of conditions

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 right and so the language has to change
towards i have a tendency towards right or i have a proclivity for
rather than i am which is definitive certain and end of case meaning
nothing can be done about it and so if we can change the way we speak we
will change the way we live because we change the way we think number
one number two thing that came up so one was obviously all the i am
statements the what i would say you know limiting character traits is
they talk about their own traits but the traits are not things that
serve them and so if you have traits that you speak of yourself you have
to ask yourself does this serve me does this serve me is this going to
help me accomplish the goals that i have and if it doesn't then stop
saying it so here's the second thing they did that was kind of the red
flag for me i'm partially making this because i'm sure they're going to
watch it crutches are dangerous superstition is dangerous what i mean by
that is that we have these things that we do on these routines that we
set and the thing is is if we become dependent on the routine we
actually become weaker as a

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 result of it and so that is why i am
always so sensitive to religious and i'm using quotes here i'm using it
in the literal word of religious religious uh adherence to routines
religious adherence to you know how i have to wait like whenever you use
terms like i have to i must i shou we should i need to these are all
things that you're making statements about how the world must be when
you have no control over it and so if i wanted to conquer somebody who
is a competitor of mine i would hope i would pray that they have
crutches and superstitions that i can exploit for example if you have to
drink a bottle of alcohol every night to go to bed that is a crutch if
you have to smoke a blunt every night to fall asleep that is a crutch if
you have to take edibles every night to fall asleep that is a crutch if
you have to take pills every need to go to sleep you had as a crutch and
i told you at the very beginning this video i know this is going to piss
a lot of people off but believe it or not there were humans

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 hundreds of years ago that had none of
these things and they slept just fine hundreds of years ago there were
humans who did not have coffee in the morning there were humans who did
not have pharmaceutical drugs there were humans who did not have orange
glasses there are humans who did not have these weird rituals that we
try and convince ourselves uh we must do we have to do we need to do we
cannot live without and all they end up doing is weakening us because
the thing is is you have a level of maintenance right of how you look
and feel whatever and so what happens is it's like when you start
drinking coffee in the beginning you feel better and then over time you
need to drink coffee just to feel normal and so then the benefit that
coffee confers is gone and so if you really want to get benefits from
things then you need to cycle the things that you do which means
inherently you're not going to have a routine because the things that
you're doing are constantly changing which give you the temporary flocks
or benefit that it will confer to you as a result of it being novel if
you're going to do it but most people don't do it that way instead

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 they become dependent on these
superstitions about how they must go to bed every night how they must
fall asleep and what they must take and what they how they have to have
their mornings or what or they create a punishment for themselves or i
can't be productive or i can't think of straight or i'm really really
agitated all day right that's so weak it's so weak it makes you so
non-resilient that i would hope to compete against you you know i mean i
would hope that because i would just hope that something interrupts your
magical routine and then \[ \_\_ \] you for the day right i've always
had the belief that i'd like to be able to sleep on a cot somewhere and
be just as effective in a cot with you know in a corner in a closet as
somebody who has to have every single aspect of their life completely
dialed in i see it as the difference between the rocky cut scene of him
versus drago and rocky iv dragon's got all these fancy science things
that he has to do and all these supplements he's taking all the stuff
and rocky's just doing his thing outdoors getting it done and so as

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 entrepreneurs the two takeaways for
this video for you number one be incredibly cognizant of the things that
you speak of yourself when you make i am statements they are the
strongest statements that you can make because they are deeply embedded
beliefs about what you believe about yourself and so if you say i ha i
am this way when you describe yourself when you meet someone new you
meet a girl on a date and you're like i am i have a short fuse right i
have a temper i am disorganized i am not good with time i am not good
with money i hate even saying this \[ \_\_ \] right but just to give you
the types of things that people say all the time that do not serve them
does this belief serve me if it does not stop \[ \_\_ \] saying it
period and say something else right or at the very least if you feel
compelled to have to describe this thing then say i have a tendency or i
struggle with behaviors that aren't this way rather than i am number one
number two be incredibly weary of the

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 superstitions and routines and
religion that you adhere to that you claim is the source of your
productivity creativity alertness mental well-being subject you know
happiness whatever it is or the converse of that if you lack it the
threats or the punishments that you speak over yourself if i am not i am
agitated i have a short fuse i can't focus i'm not productive i don't
have energy all of these things are just weaknesses that you literally
build into yourself so stop that's all i got for today guys so
moseynation i make this channel uh because a lot of people are broke and
i don't want to be one of them and a lot of people speak limiting
beliefs over themselves they claim traits that do not serve them and
they make superstitions and crutch that make them weaker rather than
stronger and if you want to survive in the world of business you want to
build a huge enterprise you want to make the impact that you have you
have to be able to know exactly who you are you have to speak beliefs
that serve you and you have to be able to succeed independent of
circumstance that you

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 create you are source not reaction
lots of love keeping awesome catch you guys soon bye
