https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP\_rsdO3hWM

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what's going everyone in this video i'm
going to talk about why i think self-care is absolute nonsense and why
you should run the other way from anybody who's telling you otherwise
and if you don't know who i am my name is alex mosey on acquisition.com
got some new swag and i have nothing to sell you we run a portfolio of
100 million companies that make all the money and it doesn't matter
anyways so purpose of this video like i said all this self-care hoodoo
nonsense gets people in a lot of trouble and the reason for that is
because we think that for some reason we are doing something wrong when
we are not self caring because it is bad too not self-care because we
should we must or else or what and the reason this pisses me off the
reason that i made a tweet that went viral um this morning about this is
that weekends are new for humans they're not even 100 years old 1929 in
england is when the first weekend got passed by a union and it's because
people hated what they were doing for their life and so if you want to
truly give self-care then stop hating what you do every day novel
concept i

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 know stop hanging out with people that
\[ \_\_ \] suck mind-blowing like i said i know and the reason that i am
so passionate about this is that i have been told throughout my entire
life that i was working too much i was not balancing the things that i
was supposed to be balancing and you know what who gives a \[ \_\_ \]
it's my life i don't need to live by anyone else's rules and neither do
you right and so when people say you should be doing this you are not
doing xyz just take a pause and be like are these rules that i want to
listen to are those your rules that you're trying to apply to my life
because there are no rules you can do whatever the hell you want if you
want to work for a year straight work for a year straight and the reason
you can work for a year straight is because you like what you do the
reason these people try and project their own self-hatred for their own
lives onto you is because they cannot imagine a world in which someone
might actually like what they do every day and didn't don't need an
escape a break from what their existence is on a daily basis and so
don't feel guilty for just being you and if you don't like your life
every day rather than try and figure out

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 and make time for self-care it would
probably be better to flip the ratio and start thinking what can i do in
my actual life to stop hating it so much that i need an escape from it
right and that's different from like yes you need to sleep yes you need
to you know rest etc but there's a difference between that and like oh i
just need a total spa day and if that's how you relax cool but the thing
is is projecting on someone else how they should must need to have to
relax or do whatever it's nonsensical it doesn't exist right i wanted to
make this video even though it's short because i it just drives me
bananas if you want to work work if you want to take off take off just
don't listen to what anyone else says about what you should do for your
life you're going to die and so will they and it's not going to matter
and in 10 generations don't even remember your name so do what you want
you're going to die and that is the ultimate freedom and for some reason
we live under these chains that we think exist but don't and so i think
the process of of growing and really making ourselves free is just
simply identifying the things that don't really exist and only existed
in our mind to begin with and i think that's why

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 self-crit really bugs the \[ \_\_ \]
out of me or this whole self-care movement it's also soft as \[ \_\_ \]
like just work right to get it done you need to like give yourself a \[
\_\_ \] bubble bath every day because like you're worked so hard like
human's been here a very long time we've dealt with much much harder \[
\_\_ \] your you know boss having a deadline the next day is not the
worst \[ \_\_ \] that you've been through and so as a final sign off on
this think about the hardest things that you've been through in your
life everyone has gone through hard \[ \_\_ \] everyone has had
difficulties in childhood everyone has had difficulties with siblings
with parents blah blah blah these events that shape our lives you have
been through harder \[ \_\_ \] than this you will survive it will be
okay you don't need to self-care you don't need to listen to what anyone
else is saying you do you and if that means self-care by all means but
just don't project to anyone else alright lots of love bozination see
you guys in the next video bye
