https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpPoIOPgoAw

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 what happens is you you know continue
to scale and continue to make more money continue to have stuff that
works is that the better you are the better the opportunities that you
have to say no to \[Music\] are i wanted to make a another little video
for you because it was on my mind and i thought it was uh i was telling
someone else about the story and i figured i might as well share with
you guys so um so some of you guys might know uh we were just at the uh
funnel hacking live event where some of the speakers were talking about
high ticket sales and um you know we won in the one of the rewards which
is like it's called the axe award which is um it means you did over 10
million in sales which is pretty cool um i mean we were excited about it
but i mean it's awesome but the the thing that happened afterwards is
where i kind of want to bring the lesson home so i had a couple people
after we you know spoke and

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 um we were kind of showcased as kind of
a success story type thing um who were like hey you know could you
consult for my business i'd like to do something like this in my space
and chiropractors and dentists or blah blah blah right and people um
offered to pay us 50 000 for a single day we had two people come up and
offer that um for us to kind of coach them on their business help them
scale help them start doing high ticket whatever right and my wife uh
before i even had a chance to answer the question um step forward and
said no we don't do that and um i wanted to kind of highlight why it was
important and why um why that kind of attitude has helped us grow so
fast and so what happens is you you know continue to scale and continue
to make more money and continue to have stuff that works is that the
better you are better the opportunities that you have to say no to are
and so what happens especially as entrepreneurs a lot of times we see
things that we're like man this would be so cool i got like six
businesses and like none of them really

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 make money but like like i don't know
which one i'm gonna do but i'm gonna invest in all of them and like i'm
gonna see which one takes off but like that's fundamentally flawed
because you as an entrepreneur make any business take off and any single
business can be as big as you want it to be and so all you're doing when
you're diluting your attention is you're diluting your attention and
then ultimately you're ensuring that none of them will work right and so
we turn down these 250 000 a day consulting clients because the
attention that that would take is going to take more from our business
than it will give us um and making decisions in that way has been
probably the number one thing that has grown us to where we are now i
can't tell you the amount of guys who i think are um than we are and
it's because they can't focus like they cannot focus they can't stick to
one thing they do launch after launch they switch product they switch
industries they switch customer avatars they're like well i was thinking
about doing this and i was doing this and um they just can't stick with
it right and if you look at our business right and if you look at our
gym model and then if you look at our current gym launch business it's
all about doing

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 the same thing over and over and over
again and it's so boring it's so boring right all you do is you get
really good at doing one thing and then that's it and as much as you
want to do the next thing all you do is you go back to that first thing
and you do it better and you do it better and you do it better right and
that's all you do is you continue to scale if you look at the difference
between a 30 million your business and 100 million your business so
right now we're on pace for a 30 million dollar uh run rate is where
we're at now um if you look at that versus 100 million business they're
virtually the same the only thing that changes is that 100 million
business does more of the same thing they just do more instead of having
ten set up five sales a day they do 15 sales a day that's it it's the
only difference they're not doing new verticals they're not constantly
um trying to sell different things they usually cut focus on the same
customer avatar and they solve the same problem that they're really good
at solving they sell it better and that's it and so by us turning down
these 250 000 a day consulting deals i can guarantee you that having
that fitness is what has been some of the reasons for

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 our successes that we've been able to
focus on doing one for you to not look at if you're a gym owner not look
at online training not look at meal prep services not look at um all the
many things that you can do that will distract you um you know doing
this jv or doing this this 50 50 thing with my buddy who's got this
little thing going on the side like there are always things but i can
guarantee you that they always have strings attached and the strings are
attached to your attention and that's the most valuable asset you have
now your time it's your attention and so even if we did do this 50 000
consulting day even if we did do this 50 000 consulting day um what
would end up happening is that person after that dance would still try
and take attention and ultimately what that will do not allow us to
fulfill on the promise that we made to our initial gym owners who came
to us and so if i take that same amount of attention and then i put it
towards the existing model we have and brick by brick continue to stack
you'll make more and more and more

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 focusing on those fundamentals than you
want anything else so um sometimes you got to do more to do less and i
had a mentor once sometimes you got to go slow to go fast and i really
believe in that and he was the ceo of a 10 billion dollar company with a
b 10 billion and um i had an extended period of time where i was working
really really closely with him and i learned a lot of things from him
and um that was one of them was that sometimes you have to go slow to go
fast and sometimes you just gotta get good at one thing and all you have
to do is focusing on doing that thing more and more despite being an
entrepreneur and wanting to do lots of things the ones who make the most
money are the ones who do the least right and by at least i'm not saying
you don't work i'm saying you do the least amount of things and you just
do a few things extremely well so double down on that don't get
distracted with shiny objects the better you are the better the
opportunities you have to say no to so keep that in the back your mind
say no to the meal prep service say no to the online training thing say
hello to the training from afar say no to the the you know the little
corporate deal that you might be able to set up um because they will
distract you from

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 the main thing because those are not
the end goal and if you have the gym selling them giving amazing results
get them to send more people to you and do that over and over and over
and over again and then one day you will look up and you'll be really
really that's the point all right it's awesome a lot of us are just used
to struggle and we basically self sabotage um by just putting some more
stuff on a stuff on our plate rather than just focusing some of you guys
right now have multiple things on your plate and you can't focus on it
um but imagine if you only had one thing to focus on maybe it was one
location you have three and you know you should have done it you should
have only had one how easy would it be to make money with one location
super easy because you have all your attention on it right but some of
you are making attention with three right maybe not making money with
three same thing if you're multiple businesses you can't make it right a
lot of times because your attention is still split so focus in on one
thing that makes you money and do that over and over and over and over
again until you're sick of it and then do more of it and i promise
you'll make money all right lots of love guys hope you have an amazing
day and i'll catch you guys

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 \[Music\] you
