https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZvW1Hghv6U

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in the last 36 months i've taken 37.9
million dollars in dividends out of my business all right so that's not
business sales that's not anything else that's 39 37.9 million dollars
in dividends i've taken out in the last 36 months and i wanted to lead
with that mostly because i thought it would make the video a hell of a
lot more interesting for those you don't know me my name's alex for
mostly iowan acquisition.com and i have absolutely nothing to sell you
today i wanted to talk to you uh because i had a really interesting
conversation with a um a couple that's an entrepreneurial couple and i
caught myself in this tirade this rant about passive income and how it's
not as cool as people think it is and i wrote down some of the notes
after the dinner and i thought i would share it with you because i think
that passive income is one of these things that people talk about all
the time it's the great a great headline for uh youtube videos and
clickbait and all this crap and the thing is is that number one 99.9 of
people will never have true

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 passive income or passive income as you
know in any material amount if you own stocks and you get dividends from
those stocks then that is truly passive but if all you do is actively
manage your passive dividend stocks then you have active income and so
what i want to do in this video hopefully is make active income great
again all right active income's gotten a really ugly name all right
let's be real a lot of people are like ah you have a job you know what's
real everyone has a job and everyone trades the exact same currency for
the exact same output we trade time for money the only difference is
that some of us have more leverage that we with which we trade that time
for more money but at the end of the day we are always trading time for
money period i don't care what anyone says passive just means you trade
a smaller percentage and so rather than the and if you've watched my
billionaire mental models video then you'll you'll find

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 this familiar we like to speak in the
binary of active versus passive when in reality is how passive or how
active is this income stream ah interesting and what i want to do today
is make an interesting argument for you about why i think passive income
blows all right so let us begin number one i live in a building right
now of almost exclusively eight figure nine figure and ten figure
entrepreneurs so that's ten figures being billionaires 100 millionaires
and deca millionaires and i will tell you this having now seen
especially lots of guys who are in that category who are 40 50 sometimes
60 years old observation number one we are not meant to not work we are
not meant to not work we are meant to work all right seeing these dudes
pursue a pleasure filled life or a pleasure seeking life is one of the
saddest things that you can possibly imagine it is the weirdest

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 thing it's like seeing a tiger defanged
right it's like it's it's it's not good these guys are gladiators these
are guys who know how to win in the arena and i'm not trying to project
my desires onto their lives it's their choice they can do whatever they
want but me as a passive observer of looking at people that i believe
care have a lot of similar character traits to me i see a different
different paths that i can go down in my life and i can tell you i do
not like it so number one there is no off switch on a tiger when you
turn it off it's not pretty number two right now um my wife and i
probably make around six million ish a year passively in terms of like
we have virtually like on the let's say if uh zero is you're literally
doing the thing and ten is uh you forgot that you do that there's
anything to be done uh and that would be completely passive versus
completely active i'd say that we're probably like at eight and a half
i'll tell you this

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 it's not fun when we were actively
involved uh in our businesses um compared to now i think honestly it was
more fun um and i think a lot of people always want to you know portray
that their current state is the most advanced state um and i can tell
you over the last nine maybe 12 months man i've done almost nothing i
mean the the three videos a week i make on youtube are is probably like
the most uh engaging work i do it's like the only thing i'm like looking
forward to uh every week because of how little that i'm doing in the
business and the reason i'm bringing this up is this all right so make
sure you hear the right message from this i i'm saying this in no way to
flex i'm saying this because i made that the goal and i think that now
that i am here i regret it i continued to solve problems in my business
and i had the perspective which was spoken to me as a younger
entrepreneur which is if you're doing something if you're actively
involved in

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 the business it means it can't run it
without you which means there is something wrong which means you are not
as good as an entrepreneur as you think you are because you are required
to make this business work which means it's not a real business right i
think that's horseshit and i think that i can tell you right now
truthfully because i've walked it it's not just like a hypothetical idea
like i truly do almost nothing in terms of what is on my calendar every
day and i can tell you i'm bored out of my mind and so next next season
so starting 2022 i'm gonna be doing some big stuff right but the entire
goal that i optimized around four years was passive income it was i want
to build a business that can run without me and from the dividends that
i get from that business i can do whatever i want but here's what's
crazy that they don't tell you if you love the game then why would you
want to get yourself out of it huh isn't that weird it's like i love
this thing i'm so good

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 at it that i'm going to play basketball
so well that eventually i'm just going to stop playing and the team's
going to win without me and so i think what i've given myself permission
to do as of late is i've given myself permission to work for the love of
working because i choose to and so i think that i had this idea when i
was trying to scale my businesses that i wanted freedom to do whatever i
wanted right we want the freedom to choose but for some reason over time
that got that got morphed into everything has to be passive and i can
tell and i'm i'm making this video so that hopefully you don't make the
same mistake which is like it's okay to run your business and it's okay
to like it because i i miss the \[ \_\_ \] out of it i'll be honest with
you i do but in an effort to create space so other people could rise up
and they could have their own growth and development i moved away so
that they could have that opportunity and the

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 thing is is now i can't really jump
back into business because otherwise i would i would displace people
right i'm not needed and so it's been an interesting interesting process
for me to walk through this we have this dream we have this goal to have
this thing that kicks off cash flow every single month that's far in
excess of what we need to live but i am in a building where i get to see
the outcome of what that looks like every day and it's not pretty and i
can tell you over the last nine months 12 months of what my life has
been it's not pretty it's not fun it's boring it's empty there's nothing
to do and i got this quote from talking more and i really like it he
said in the bible the first thing that god did and gave adam was not eve
it was a job and i think that there's just been this this this i don't
know demonic demon of demonification i don't know if there's a word
there yeah something bad right people have been batting

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 shaking their finger at work why it's
what we're supposed to do and so i think that if we can focus on and
this is what i this is where i'm kind of walking towards right now is is
now that you at least for me this is me talking to myself is like now
that you've you've figured out that you can truly create something that
can run without you you've learned the skills of not just quote building
a passive business but truly a business that can run without you and
grow comma and grow all right there's one thing to create a business
that can maintain without you and still continue to generate cash flow
it's a totally different thing to be able to put enough talent in place
that a business can grow without you that is when you actually have a
business i now know that i can do that i can check that box off but i
feel like now i can be certain in that i can make the choice to say i
know that i can do that and i choose not to because i choose because it
is my choice because i sought out freedom right i

10 00:09:00.000 --\> 00:10:00.000 have the option i know that i can
build that but now that i have experience and i've tasted that fruit i
know that of the different flavors of fruit the one that i prefer is i
prefer the challenge i prefer the game i prefer being in the game rather
than watch the team win without me but i just think that passive income
uh is not as cool as people think it is i think we need to make active
income cool again we're meant to work we have the freedom to choose not
the freedom to do nothing because we think that we're we want to have
freedom do all the \[ \_\_ \] that we want to do but the thing is is in
the in the course of building the life that we have there's nothing
that's as that gives you the rush of business nothing's as high octane
as this right and stuff that is as high acting as that if done enough
times eventually you're going to die you got into this game you had
these things in these hobbies that you enjoyed you get rid of those
hobbies to go double down on the game you go and you continue to play
the game you eventually win the game right and then you look back and
now you have all this time because you continue to trade things to get
more time back get more time back get more time back

11 00:10:00.000 --\> 00:11:00.000 and eventually you have all your time
back but you have nothing to \[ \_\_ \] do and so then you're stuck in
the position that i'm in right now which is what do i enjoy and i enjoy
doing the things that got me here and so that is what i'm going to be
doing in the next the next chapter of 2022 is i'm going to be doubling
down very aggressively and you'll be seeing some moves from behind the
sidelines behind the behind the glass of what i'll be doing but i'll
tell you that seeking pleasure is not the game it's incredibly boring um
and uh and yeah this is something that no one ever shared with me and i
figured i would share it with you because moseynation you guys \[ \_\_
\] rock love you guys um and if you're new to this world uh i think i
said it at the beginning but if i didn't my name's auction mosey on
acquisition.com we do about 85 million a year and i have nothing to sell
you and if you enjoyed this video i'm glad you did and keep being
awesome and i'll see you guys in the next one
