https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ikm8tTuA10Q

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 in this video i'm going to talk to you
about why you never should listen to your parents at any age hi my
name's alex ramose i own a portfolio of companies that has 85 million a
year in revenue and i have absolutely nothing to sell you i make this
channel because a lot of people are broken i don't want you to be one of
them and so one of the things that happens and this is at any age like i
know guys who are making millions of millions of dollars a year and
still uh you know are insecure about what their parents tell them about
xyz and so the reason i think this is interesting is that most people
unless your parents are exorbitantly wealthy and have achieved
everything that you wish to achieve i don't think you should listen to
your parents and so one of my first rules of life is never listen to
someone who's poorer than you or poor than you want to be all right so
that's two different you know caveats there because you might be younger
and it's like okay well yeah my parents have more money than me but like
are they poorer than you want to be if so then only listen to people who
are wealthier than you want to be right and the thing is is that they
always will and other people too right will always side on the side of
being less less risky right and here's why because when you naysay right
it's like kind of like when you're um if someone's like oh i don't like
your your girlfriend and and the thing is is

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 that if you date in general right and
dating can apply like the concept of dating and apply to business
concepts it doesn't really matter but if you date then fundamentally
every single person that you date except for the one that you marry is
going to be somebody who you're not going to be with and if someone says
i don't think this person's good i don't think this person's good then
they will be right literally 99 of the time except for the one time that
matters right kind of interesting and so the thing is is most businesses
fail ninety-five percent of businesses fail within five years right and
so most times they are correct and so it's very easy for them to
self-reinforce that they are so smart right and they're always right and
they could tell you i told you so right but the reality is that they are
wrong in the one percent of times that it matters right in your life and
so when i think about this what's interesting is that like the only way
that is guaranteed to knock you to success is to never take the risk to
begin with right that's the guaranteed way of not achieving it and i
remember when i was quitting my job that was the biggest conclusion that
i came to was that i was not happy at my current earning level and that
the only job because

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 there was one position one job that
made enough money that i wanted which was being an investment banker so
the best investment bankers can make 10 20 million a year but i knew
what it was required to get there in the amount of effort time and
sacrifice and i was like the only people who will pay me that amount of
money um will be making so much more money off of me and literally
draining my life that i don't think it's because like usually if you
become an investment banker that's successful you pretty much donate 20
years of your life in order to do that um and you're you're really never
going to see your family and all that kind of stuff and for me that was
not a trade-off i wanted to make and so i figured there was no job that
was going to pay me what i wanted to make and afford me the lifestyle
that i wanted and so the path that i was on was guaranteed to not get me
to where i wanted to go and so even though it was micro risky it was
macro the only way i could do it right and so that's one of those like
one of those things actually like from garyvee that he says microspeed
macro patience right money loves speed wealth less time and so if we're
trying to build wealth we're trying to build an asset right then we need
to have time

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 one of my other favorite sayings that
i'll share with you is um uh you get paid for what you do you get
returns while you own right and so anyways back to the back to the
reason why you shouldn't listen to um other people is that they don't
have an accurate understanding of risk right and the biggest risk is not
doing anything at all the biggest risk is never dating not that you're
with this person right and so warren buffett said and i like this he
said most people only need to make four or five really good decisions in
their life so think about that for a second because i think about like
that one really shook me because i think about all the decisions that i
make every single day right and all the decisions that i've made in my
life and there's really not that many of them that have been the biggest
levers but the few that have been have been massive and enormous levers
in my life and most people don't take enough time to think about those
decisions that are the massive force in the road am i going to keep
going in this position do i want to live in the city am i going to marry
this girl who am i going to go to uh who am i going to get into business
with uh what are we going to do right what are we actually going to do
in this business and so people don't give put enough thought into that
stuff and spend all their time thinking about what next show they're
going to watch on

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 netflix right rather than thinking like
i'm going to take some time with this decision because one of my other
sayings is mistakes love a rushed decision right so microspeed macro
patience if you're looking at long playing long then you have to
understand or at least this is my you know my two cents on it is that
most people will oppose you at all times and that is because it is safer
for them to do so because they will be right most of the times but on
the one percent of times that they are wrong it's that one percent
decision saying that you're going to buy c's candies for 25 million
dollars and ends up generating a billion dollars right in revenue it's
that one decision that they're going to miss out on and that's the one
decision that matters and so they are 99 of the time right but they're
100 wrong right and so that's the only message that i wanted to really
drive home is that if you have parents who make less money than you want
to make if you have friends who make less money than you want to make i
had so many people who told me that everything i was doing was stupid i
was giving up a really good consulting job to open a gym right i took
all my savings and sunk into a business and you know what that business
wasn't the one that set me free it was four four or five businesses from
there

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 but i learned the skills that one by
one i was able to assemble and assemble on a belief standpoint of the
world with the character traits to reinforce them to eventually yield
the success that some people think is you know cool so anyways um i made
this video because i've had um a lot of younger people who reached out
to me recently about this particular issue and it's just understanding
macro risk versus micro risk micro risk yes you will fail but failure is
part of the game right but the macro risk is that you'll never actually
succeed and that's the real game right and so you have to understand
that you have to date in order to find the girl you're going to marry
you have to go on a lot of bad dates you have to have a lot of small
businesses that don't work right you don't have to but it's common and i
don't know any entrepreneur who hasn't had a lot of businesses uh who
eventually yielded success right or even a lot of businesses within
their main business they pivoted a lot of times until they figured out
what they were good at what the market needed i hope that makes sense to
you i hope you found value this uh i'm rooting for you i'm your biggest
fan keeping awesome keep taking risks microspeed macro patience and um
you get paid for what you do you get returns on what you own and what
we're trying to build here is an asset that can pay us over time because
if we

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 cannot learn how to build that asset we
will work until the day we die so i'm keeping awesome muscle love and
i'll catch you guys in the next video hit subscribe if you like it and
if you don't don't subscribe uh i'll get you soon alright bye
