https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebrcIErJi10

1 00:00:00.000 --\> 00:01:00.000 hi alex i have a business mentor who is
telling me that i should fake it until i make it it sounds contrary to
what you say on your youtube channel and i don't know who to trust and
so i wanted to hear your explanation for why you don't believe in that
concept what's up everybody mozy nation rocking and rolling my name is
alex muzzy if you're new to the channel and we have a portfolio of
companies that does about 85 million dollars a year and i have
absolutely nothing to sell you all right i make this channel because a
lot of people are broke and i don't want you to be one of them so
welcome to moseynation all right so to hit on this question right should
i fake it till i make it um this is something that is really close to
home for me uh because i uh it drives me absolutely bonkers and so i'll
tell you a quick story um and then and we can go from there to
illustrate the point so uh this is probably five years ago maybe six
years ago somewhere in there um i was showing up to our first event of
our licensees all right so we only had 28 licensee at the time and this
is the first event all right and as a side note if you're curious why i
have a mustache

2 00:01:00.000 --\> 00:02:00.000 this story will explain it to you so i
was so nervous the night before that i for for the two-day event that we
were going to have to provide value and all that kind of stuff that i
had this big beard and so i shaved it off and i was doing you know
wolverine then mutton chops then gunslinger and then all the way i had i
left down to a porn stash and i look outside the bathroom and i look at
layla i was like hey baby um and she cracked up and she was like please
don't do that i looked back in the mirror and i cracked up and i was
like you know what i'm doing it i'm rocking the stash and it's because i
was so nervous and so stressed about this day tomorrow that i wanted to
give myself a reason to not just not take myself so seriously right
because i was like you know what worst case scenario i'm gonna die and
no one's gonna remember who i am anyways so anyways i show up the next
day and i pull up right as we're pulling up to the hotel which is where
the event is right and uh we're pulling up in a prius that has a dent in
the side and a crack in the windshield and one of licensees comes up to
me and uh and she says and as she's walking at the same time and sees
that so she stops and walks over and she says hey uh i thought you were

3 00:02:00.000 --\> 00:03:00.000 supposed to be rich and you can imagine
the terror right because this is the you know impostor syndrome that i'm
dealing with the night before right now mind you at this point i already
had six gyms we sold them and then i'd already had 30 plus turnarounds
right so like i was very good at the thing that we're talking about
right but i still have this i still remember the the shock but what i
said next is the reason that i have always been transparent with my
numbers when we do well when we not do well in terms of how we do our
lifestyle et cetera all right and so at the time i was a cash
millionaire so a million dollars in my bank account right and i hadn't
even started investing stuff yet so side note i think making sure you
have the right sequence is important but a million dollars saved up in
my bank account after taxes at this moment and when she said this i just
remember thinking i was like oh my god am i a fraud and then the reality
of my situation not the fakeness of my situation was what came forth to
hold me strong in that moment and i said you should see my bank account
not my car and i was like i'm all i was like you want to be rich not not
look rich right

4 00:03:00.000 --\> 00:04:00.000 she was like yeah and i was like well
that's what i'm here to show you how to do and then the rest the event
was awesome and then all the people two weeks later all the dudes had
stashes without me saying anything so i think they liked it and then
that is what gave birth to the stash which you know has still still been
pervasive in many of the marketing things that we've done all right but
here's the reason that i'm i'm i'm actually against the fake it so you
make it the first is that you in the mirror at night know that you're a
fraud i mean and that's the biggest thing at the end of the day if
you've heard anything that i've ever talked about is that you have to
have conviction in what you sell right and the the thing at the very
most that you are selling is you are selling yourself to yourself and if
you are lying to everyone else about how successful you are then you're
trying you're you're cheating you're you're deceiving yourself and that
kind of integrity is very hard to recapture because the hardest person's
respect to earn is your own in my opinion right once you have your own
respect everyone else's respect comes pretty easily because they know
that you respect you and so i know this is deep stuff but like at the
end of the day like entrepreneurship is is a

5 00:04:00.000 --\> 00:05:00.000 journey of beliefs right it's a journey
about building your character and about acquiring skills and the
businesses are only a reflection or a manifestation of the internal
changes that we've had or experienced as entrepreneurs which is why i
think entrepreneurship is the single greatest personal development path
you can possibly go on here's some other reasons why i think this is
stupid and mind you at the time when i had a million dollars my bank
account lail and i were living together on 1200 a month of rent and
about 400 ish a month in food so 100 bucks a week in food 1200 a month
in rent and that's what we were living on and we were taking home at the
time three or four hundred thousand a month all right so just for
context i'm just and i i've never had a really expensive watch the only
really expensive thing that i've purchased uh that was a waste was a
bentley which i actually already sold and gave it away i'm sure i could
come up with some sexy youtube headline for that but we just gave it
back because i didn't need it and i didn't want it it felt like a waste
and it felt contrary to who i am and what i believe it right at the end
of the day if you decide what your values are first and you live your
life in accordance with those values rather than what you think the
world wants you to do then you will be able to stand

6 00:05:00.000 --\> 00:06:00.000 steadfast and strong in the face of
adversity with full knowledge of who you are and i think that the
strength of that cannot be understated i've said this quote many times
in our communities and on this channel which is you must outwork
yourself doubt right if you feel like you are not confident then you
must outwork the things that you're insecure about if you're like man
i'm selling these services and i don't show i'm not sure if i'm not good
at them then do more of them and don't pretend honesty is one of the
most compelling and convicting things for persuading people right saying
what you are good at and what you are not good at truthfully will win
you far more followers and fans and and loyal customers and loyal
employees than pretending because the end of the day they can feel that
you are disingenuous because they know that is hollow they know that the
inside you do not believe the words that are coming out of your mouth
and that is how people speak without conviction and they cannot sway
others because they have not swayed themselves because they have lost
their own respect and so i am not the believer in buying the ferrari
when you can't afford it i am not the believer in in affording the home
and paying for the

7 00:06:00.000 --\> 00:07:00.000 home that you cannot afford because you
want to pretend like this is the lifestyle that you want to be around if
you go under the guise of networking you can still go to those places
without buying a four million dollar house when you you're barely making
you know a few hundred thousand dollars a year it doesn't make sense i
like jay-z's quote around this which is if you can't buy something twice
don't buy it once i really like that and so this is one of the most
common questions i get for newer entrepreneurs because they think that
they have to they have to they have to pose on instagram in order to get
to get wealthy and what it does is it conflates sequence jeff bezos is
famous because of what he did not because he became famous as jeff bezos
and then used his following to build something elon musk is famous for
what he's accomplished not for being elon musk and then creating
something as a result right let the actions be the thing that gives you
the fame rather than yourself right at least that is that is alex's two
cents in my viewpoint on the world and i think most of those mozi nation
you guys uh share that belief with me and for those of you who are new
to this channel um you're gonna get more of this type of stuff uh and

8 00:07:00.000 --\> 00:08:00.000 none of the fake it till you make it
nonsense that is a sure way uh to be broke and i will tell you this as a
last thing the amount of people who in 2008 when everything crashed who
were faking it until they quote made it just faked it until they lost it
all because they lost what little amount that they had because they were
so overextended but i can tell you that just about everyone can become
wealthy if you choose to live on lower on less than you make right and
that is a ratio wealth is a ratio not a number all right and so anywho
uh if you are having struggles with this question i would posit i would
i would beg of you that you build your own respect first that you're
honest with yourself first and if you always maintain the integrity of
hey last year we we got smashed right this year we'll do a little bit
better and two years from now when you do even better than that you can
be truthful and people will believe you but if you always are telling a
story about how

9 00:08:00.000 --\> 00:09:00.000 you're always doing so well a everyone
will hate you b no one cares and c you will know that you are full of it
and at the end of the day i think that is the only thing that we're
going to keep with us and when we die everyone's going to forget about
us anyways so you might as well at least enjoy yourself while you're
alive so anyways keep being awesome was your nation if you enjoyed this
subscribe if you did lots of love either way keeping awesome i'll catch
you next videos bye
