https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAkqCSFPJEE&ab_channel=CodieSanchez

1
00:00:00.000 --> 00:01:00.000
you may know these guys as having sold
the company for a hundred plus million
dollars at 32 years old no big deal but
you're about to learn from two of the
craziest people I've met and they happen
to be a couple and now they're friends
of mine okay so what's the deal they
started a gym licensing company and they
were doing 2.3 million dollars a month
and 17 million dollars a year in one
year ridiculous then they did a
supplement company that I used this one
that did 1.7 million dollars in six
months also ridiculous then they created
a sales company that did 1.6 million
dollars in a month all before the age of
32. ridiculous were they lucky I don't
know being lucky is probably not being
right four times all within a 10-year
period instead there's a system for that
and we break it all down in this video
so buckle up we've talked about stuff
that they've never discussed before even
in all of these interviews we're going
to ask them how big are their calves
really how about their bank accounts how
much money is there really in there what
it's like to be a power couple Alex
how's sad is it that Layla's way cooler

2
00:01:00.000 --> 00:02:00.000
than you and probably the smart one in
the relationship how hairy do you think
the two of your children might be given
your Persian Roots I'm going to ask them
the tough questions you guys so get your
notepad out put your drink down because
you're going to want to take some notes
for this
[Applause]
everybody always asks me like how do you
get mentors what's your board of
directors look like like how do you get
a board of advisors and I've struggled
to come up with terminology about the
right framework to express the fact that
I find it annoying when people ask me to
be a mentor don't ask me that I'm a
terrible mentor and simultaneously it's
so important that you have people that
you can call like that do either of you
have a framework of like how you group
humans around you and keep them in your
circle people want to be
you know in proximity with Alex because
he helps everyone that he talks to right
I think that I picked that up from him
because I watched him like we went to

3
00:02:00.000 --> 00:03:00.000
our first like Mastermind it wasn't my
it was my first not his and I watched
him be like that with people then I was
like I should always give first because
I saw like how much people then are
willing to do for him and not even like
we need anything from anybody but like
it's just nice to then it kind of
creates a I think the only way that you
can create a real relationship is if you
are the vulnerable one that gives first
and so I think in doing that then you
open yourself up to people who are
actually really abundant you know
because then they're like if somebody
sees that something he's giving is
actually really good they're like [ __ ] I
should talk to him and like I don't care
what love Revenue level you're at or
anything you're doing like I'm gonna
talk to that guy so I think I've seen a
lot of people approach Alex just because
of that because they're like he's got
something really good yeah so like when
we started like The Mastermind stuff
um like I didn't have a lot of skills
that were like useful to anybody else
but I knew how to like run sales teams
and so I just was like well I can do
that and so I just literally went person
my person was like hey do you have like
sales scripts or anything I can help
with like that's what I'm good at and so
then I got on calls with basically
everybody who's in the group and just

4
00:03:00.000 --> 00:04:00.000
like rewrote some of their scripts like
Hey try this and this and like you know
just the stuff that I was good at like
try this on drilling your teams like
here's how we can recruit better
um and then what happens like at the end
of that
um
they they've they voted me like member
of the year for the the whole group but
like I think more interestingly like so
there's an objective like outcome but
then I had like a hundred people that if
I needed something I just I had that
like available to me so like I always
just like having lots of cards or like
lottery tickets uncashed so like most
people are takers a handful of people
are like actually probably it's probably
like 25 are like takers and then the
vast majority are tit for tatters just
like you give me I give you something
and then very few people just like give
and then they get something back awesome
but like when givers make givers I think
they resonate more and then that's why I
feel like you get you know kind of
better friendships you network well if
you are an asset in someone else's
Network let's say I have I'm valuable in
someone else's Network and someone so
like Cody just use the example and Cody

5
00:04:00.000 --> 00:05:00.000
wants to gain status with somebody else
you might be like hey Sam you should
meet Alex and so now you get value from
both of us and that happens if you are
valuable if you have no value then you
don't get intros because then it's a
cost for you if I suck then Sam's not
doing you a favor to do me a favor so
it's like man that's a really costly
relational exchange whereas like if I
add value and so does Sam then everyone
kind of gets better and that's why I
think it becomes more viral that way I
think that connector aspect is such a
hack because then every time you meet
Sam or every time you meet Lisa or
whoever I introduce you to what's your
common denominator me so I don't really
have to engage with you for you to
engage with me with another person then
you multiply that by 100 and sort of
Imagine starts to happen you don't even
realize it
you guys now invest in a ton of
businesses you see you know I don't know
how many how many how many businesses do
you have to see to invest in one so it's

6
00:05:00.000 --> 00:06:00.000
about point two percent of businesses
that reach out to us we invest in them
okay
everybody wants to know like Bitcoin on
fire nfts dying stock market crashing
real estate probably next interest rates
like where do you put your money under
your under your bed I'm telling you fiat
currency burning you know
um so I mean if you decide what to
invest in yeah Warren Buffett talked
about this at the Berkshire Hathaway
meeting so he just said like the two
things that you can do in an
inflationary period is you can increase
your earning power and you can invest in
businesses that have low Capital
expenses so like our businesses that we
invest in are internet businesses and so
a lot of e-learning but internet
businesses in general so they have no
inventory they have no rent they have no
they have no supply chain issues they
have no like and so like the only cost
that we have are mostly variable costs
with media and even the fixed costs of
like employees as terrible as it sounds

7
00:06:00.000 --> 00:07:00.000
like if Revenue drops below a certain
point and the ratio of clients to to
staff is not right like you can adjust
it whereas like a lease or or a big
machine that you bought that you have a
10-year you know thing on
um it's it's a lot less flexible so for
us we invest in high cash flow internet
businesses that are low capex and so
that's kind of the investment thesis and
it's also what we're good at and so
that's
it it it's it wasn't by master design it
just happens to be beneficial in this
period yeah and I think you know we have
you know our advisors that are really
great with stocks and nft and Bitcoin
like all we have like our expert on each
of those and so like we listened to them
and like put some into each thing
basically but like anytime we invest in
anything honestly like I think both of
our thought is probably like we're never
seeing the money again like we would
only invest in amount where we're like
it's [ __ ] gone like like and that's
sometimes a lot of money too and I'm
like [ __ ] it you know like it's like
because we're so focused on the thing
that's making the cash flow and the
businesses that are cash flowing
investing in those that you know that's

8
00:07:00.000 --> 00:08:00.000
what we're really good at and I just
don't honestly like a movie really I
just find it also [ __ ] boring like I
literally like reading about it I watch
like hold down nfts on bitcoin all that
I'm just like I but I'm so good at this
other thing already that I like feel so
much more fulfillment from it and I
think that if I didn't have that I would
totally get into that stuff but I do
have that so it's like you know and you
make more money in business
than you do investing
like the equity growth itself is bigger
if you're good at it do you have a lot
of debt no
no so it's so interesting because we
don't either yeah and so real estate I
have real estate I have locked in
non-variable real estate that cash could
completely cover yeah and I'll do debt
up front for deals for sure
um but then I usually like seller
finance debt or things like that yeah
exactly non-recourse yeah
um or I might do personal guarantees on
like a very small deal if that helps get

9
00:08:00.000 --> 00:09:00.000
it done or something but for the most
part I'm a wuss on debt but that comes
from being like immigrant mentality you
know my parent like if I was smart my
wealthiest friends apply debt
intelligently I just don't think that
I'm smart enough to be able to model out
potentially negative scenarios in order
to feel good enough to sleep at night
people talk about like how do you get
good at investing I was thinking about
as we were talking about but like I
think one of the things too maybe you
feel this is like I don't even think
that we could be good at investing our
money because in any in in any scenario
where you're fearful because I feel like
the moment that you're scared you just
are making decisions out of fear and
that's how most people invest they
actually invest out of fear they're
actually like scared of missing out and
so they invest or they're scared of
losing so they like don't invest you
know what I mean it's always fear
driving the decision so I feel like
honestly for me even until we have like
a certain amount of money I couldn't
make any clear decisions about investing
and now I feel like well I think I've
confronted a lot like mentally of just
like what if we lost everything and I'm
like we've been broke before you know
like who gives [ __ ] you know what I mean
like it's not that bad but that's like
the dead thing I mean Warren talks about
it but it's like risking what you have

10
00:09:00.000 --> 00:10:00.000
and what you need for more of what you
don't have and you don't need and it's
just like I don't know the margin
utility of money is very low a lot of
people don't like hearing that but like
it's just true and so what is the what
is the like if the only reward is that
we're just risking it really means that
we can have a bigger number it's just
like
it's funny because people ask me I
actually get it all time and I do Q A's
why does Alex wear a wife beater and
Crocs I'm like that's what your question
is you know I mean like out of all the
knowledge like hey what's on your nose
you know
um but anyways yeah it's fine you can
ask those questions but um
why I think I think that is totally
valid that's like the the women
politicians that I guess asked what
they're wearing all the time oh really
oh God I don't know why you want to know
that I don't know what I'm going now but
what I always tell people you know
they're like does it bother you and I'm
like why would it bother me if somebody
does whatever the [ __ ] they want like
that's so cool that like he's Alex has
always been that way which is like when
I first met him like I'll never forget
we were like barely dating and he came

11
00:10:00.000 --> 00:11:00.000
out like he came out of the room he's on
the phone with somebody and he's just
butt ass naked and I was like
because like we're not like we're like
kind of like but like I was like wait
what like we're on this left but I'm
completely dressed like our second date
yeah and I'm like and I was like wait
what do you he's like I walk around
naked and I was like oh but you know I'm
here and he's like I'm gonna [ __ ] I was
like what
what and it was like at the same time I
was like I wish I could do that you know
like I wish I felt like [ __ ] awesome
enough about like I don't give a [ __ ] if
I'm naked you know but like I just would
never do that and I've always admired it
about Alex because he just doesn't give
[ __ ] I know where do you get that muscle
how do you build the not give a [ __ ]
muscle we were always like that no idea
no probably not probably not like when
was the first time that you could wear
the last time you could remember
oh that I mean I still care about things
for sure I don't want to say like I
don't care there's definitely I think I
think it is a muscle that you just get
get stronger and stronger but I think a

12
00:11:00.000 --> 00:12:00.000
lot of that comes to my like beliefs
about life and living which is like I
tend to not think that most things will
matter eventually and so and I also
think that most people will not be at my
funeral and I also think they'll all
forget about me within a few weeks and
so like do I really care like if I'm
gonna die and two weeks later they're
gonna forget about me do I really care
what they think about my clothing yeah
like my death the most important thing
that will happen to me
they will forget about two weeks later
so I just don't think it matters if I'm
wearing a beater or like nice shoes or
like so it's just like am I comfortable
in this does it serve the functions that
I want like so for me it's like I have
to be able to get into restaurants
wearing it I have to be able to work out
in it and I have to be able to like work
in it and be cool and like the reason
that I wear the flannels most times is
like I can go from pretty hot if I
button everything all the way down to
like varying levels of less heat to
taking it off and I still haven't
undershirt because otherwise if I just
had that and I went all the way then I'd
be shirtless and I wouldn't be able to
go out in public so it's just like and

13
00:12:00.000 --> 00:13:00.000
then even with these noticed a lot more
yeah right but like even with these I
can like kick these off under the table
if I start like I have a lot of like
temperature regulation because that's
apparently something that I do a lot I
get hot a lot
um and so like that is functional for me
like I think I think the vast majority
of like suffering comes from our own
judgment of what we think things should
be
yeah so it's just like I shouldn't feel
this leg like why not
like I shouldn't be angry why not yeah
but I think most people are in their
heads unhappily like I don't know what
the percentage is we could you guys
might know this but like I think people
probably are unhappy most of the time
I think people think they're unhappy
I think people are human and they judge
themselves for having a human experience
and they're like I am hung it's like
like I I was crack up like the
antidepressant ads they're like hungry
horny sleepy like awake well then you
need you know it's just like so you're a
human and you have varying degrees of
emotion and people just want to not

14
00:13:00.000 --> 00:14:00.000
experience the low rages but like
if in order for there to be a range
there has to be a median and then there
has to be half of the time it's below
that and people just don't experience
that and then they and then they label
the negative experience as a as a
deficiency or something wrong with them
and then they spend the rest of their
lives trying to like fix this thing that
they completely fictionalized so I think
most people
I think most people think that happy
means that they have to be above a
midline
and so that it does so like by the
definition of how they define happiness
they are bound to not be
LeBron has his thing like No New Friends
and I feel like we're like no new ideas
and to be fair like most ideas are not
new uh most people just poorly execute
old ideas and like to make money you
don't even have to have a new idea you
just need to like
make a promise everyone else is making
and actually fulfill it which most
people don't do anyways
he's in a business right and I was
labeling like in a traditional business

15
00:14:00.000 --> 00:15:00.000
how many are strategic and how many are
tactical and there's so many more
tactical touch points and I I was
thinking I was like this just proves
with math the [ __ ] point that like
it's all an execution it's like you
don't need all the new ideas because
like the percentage of the business
spends on the strategy and the new ideas
is so little compared to the tactics we
uh started having a meeting that was
ideation and it was the worst meeting we
ever had because uh lots of people
ideated and then it was like so who's
going to be in charge of this yeah right
right and then you know you would give
me an idea and then you would say this
is the idea and then we'd be like who's
going to do the idea and the only option
was like be like well
that's gonna be you if you bring an idea
like you are going to need to be the one
that actually does the damn thing
um and so we switched them to execution
which is just if you have an idea what
do you executing on what actually worked
because we're not recreating the wheel
on anything that I do or a lot of the
stuff that you guys no none of the stuff
we do we are all about I mean into your
point about like boring businesses like

16
00:15:00.000 --> 00:16:00.000
we're all about like very easy to
understand businesses that we have
simple levers that we can consistently
execute over and over again and make a
lot of money doing it
you have really strong opinions on Focus
one income stream get rich and then what
so it's I think a lot of this is like
when you look at dichotomies versus uh
continuums so it's like okay well if a
business has two product lines is that
one business right and so like there's
probably elements of gray between like
no having one single thing that you sell
to make money is probably not a good
idea now it is a good idea in the
beginning if that's how like like all of
those things add complexity so it's just
like the more you do the more complexity
there is and I think that it's just so
easy to add and so hard to do and most
people do not have like one of the
difficulties with giving like Mass
social media advice is that you don't

17
00:16:00.000 --> 00:17:00.000
have con like I can't give context to
whoever the person is but I can say that
like of the many conversations I have
with entrepreneurs
probably 19 out of 20 maybe 99 out of
100 even more need to just focus more
because like their personality type
wants to do new things wants to do these
new exciting things but like you know
they're they're I I'm sure you get these
reach out too it's like hey man I'm
doing 50 Grand a month I think I've
saturated my market I'm like it's a 60
billion dollar industry
like what problem are we solving here
it's like well I can't grow past year
I'm like okay
you're just blaming the circumstance on
the fact that you have an ignorance or a
lack of skills to get over this hump
which is like you have one sales guy
maybe you should hire another one
oh no we just doubled the business what
a concept it's like you didn't saturate
the market this is crazy you're like
well we doubled our ad spent you know
and so
um but most people just do the next
thing rather than fixing the problem in
front of them and then when they add up
all their income streams it's still the

18
00:17:00.000 --> 00:18:00.000
same number and that's what's really
interesting is that I think that those
like entrepreneurs have a certain like
like income level or Revenue level that
they can support with their skill set
and it just divides out between whatever
you know amount of things you have but
the thing is once it's divided out I
don't think you can move forward until
you figure out how to overcome which
usually means you have to focus on one
figure out the problem is and then all
of a sudden you get the next level and
so I think it's easier to go like stay
narrow and then build the equity in one
big business now if you have product
lines Etc that's fine and you have to
have leaders who can who can take those
things on
um
but yeah so that's the that's probably
not a rounded out point there but no I
think it's really interesting because
we've got it like I think the reason we
feel so strongly about this too is we've
seen it so many times in gym launch is
when it started and then in Allen and
then now in uh acquisition.com and in
general it's like I'll never forget
being at one of our you know highest
clientele meetups which is like you're
doing a Millionaire right and it's like
then at that point they're like I'm
gonna start another one and we saw it

19
00:18:00.000 --> 00:19:00.000
with like it was one me if there were
three of them or this happened which is
they were doing you know maybe 850 or
950 a million in Revenue right and then
they open a new location the other one
sinks to 500 this one goes to Pi and we
were like and then he's like but I'm
gonna open a third one now because now I
got the systems in place and then it
goes to like 350 350 350. it was crazy
like so like clockwork and so we're like
okay there's something to this and then
obviously we made Alex made his blunder
of the of the the season which was like
we started Prestige Labs which is our
supplement company
um which strategically wasn't I don't
think a bad decision but we were not at
the skill set level to be able to do it
and we didn't understand
like what leadership at that level
needed to look like in terms of who we
would need to recruit to run a business
that day one was doing a million and a
half a month like we didn't know and so
then I got diverted over here building
this thing and then Jim launches
basically stuck yeah and have it on a
large scale for us so like you know
people look at it we're like they're
like yeah but your business is doing
like you know four and a half five

20
00:19:00.000 --> 00:20:00.000
million a month we're like yeah but we
know it should happen you know we should
have sold our business for 300 million
like we could have gotten the business
to 500 million but like we didn't we did
things too soon and most people if you
look at most businesses that are stable
like they add things very methodically
and every like couple years or a couple
but new entrepreneurs are like next week
you know like I've got 20 grand now you
know I got to put in this new product
line and so I think it's you have to I
it says the videos like I have to give
you have to give general advice because
you're like well for nine to five
percent of people this is going to make
the most sense whereas there's always
the five percent that can I mean we know
people who are the five percent and they
can you know take it and do it but most
people that are watching this are not
that I think where someone's at in their
in their entrepreneurial journey and the
vast majority of people who are trying
to do like the I want lots of income
streams like don't even know how to have
one
we won across a billion and so okay in
order for us to do that we have to do
something that like either we go high
tech but that's not our game I mean
maybe in the future but not now that's

21
00:20:00.000 --> 00:21:00.000
not our skill set so it's like okay so
in what way can we kind of do like a
boring business model that can get to a
billion like okay well this model will
work we have a lot of a lot of Leverage
with our experience and we know how to
do it and we can attract the right
people these are the types of businesses
that we can do this over and over again
with and it's something that gives
enough variety for me to not get bored
because I have new businesses that are
coming in new problems to solve
regularly
and if we can do it like as long as that
stimulus is there that and I have a
really big you know bone to chew on for
lack of a better term
big things take time and so it has to
have that for me it had to have that
variety for a long period of time in
order for me to stay in it for what I
think it'll take which will probably be
a decade to hit you know the billion
and you guys did gym launch for how many
years five I just don't like the whole
like lifetime code I think so I want to
do this business for the rest of my life
I'm like get the [ __ ] out of here like
how many businesses actually last that
long for one and then for two like
I just don't like trying to predict the

22
00:21:00.000 --> 00:22:00.000
future of what I'm going to want in 20
years so I think we both like we like
setting like a little bit smaller
timeline Seasons yeah we're like Hey
we're gonna live in Vegas for three
years yeah or two so we were our
five-year seasons has been like the
majority of our of our thing I think
it'll take it'll I mean I say 10 on
camera but I think it'll it'll take less
than that but yeah
but even at that point you know we have
no desire to sell Acquisitions yeah
that's not the plan at all the plan was
you know the decision to sell gym launch
gym launch is a great business Jim
launcher is a great Foundation to build
a fitness Empire we decided we don't
want to build a fitness Empire we knew
exactly we're like this is what it's
going to take to get it to a billion or
the next level or whatever right and
we're like we just don't want to do that
and so we're like this is the latter
it's built 75 here's the rest of the way
dedicate the rest of your 10 years and
we're like it's not the wall I want to
lean my ladder on and so we're like why
we're not interesting I mean because
like I had I've been like I've we have
been in Fitness for [ __ ] ever and on

23
00:22:00.000 --> 00:23:00.000
one side you can hear the like well dude
it means you know so much more about it
you have such a huge compounding
Advantage which yes like we could do
Fitness in our sleeps but like at the
same time like
I don't want to do it and for me that is
reason enough I don't want to do it and
so that's fine yeah like we'd have to do
m a of Jim chains and we'd probably like
up top I'll tell you exactly what we
would have done to like and and the the
property reform that's doing it is
probably as it's a slightly different
Playbook they're going to probably do a
Tech play which is not my wheelhouse so
I probably would so it'll be interesting
to see how they how they how they played
out but like probably would have
franchised number one
um probably would have acquired some
sort of bank or processing to do Niche
processing for them so I would own the
processing and I would I would have a
percentage of it as well because it's a
royalty on top line revenue because gym
launch produced over a billion dollars
in income for gyms but we didn't get any
kind of percentage on that because that

24
00:23:00.000 --> 00:24:00.000
wasn't the model right because I had no
way of invoicing for that right and so I
probably would have some sort of
conversion from the front-end licensing
into the franchise to create a 10-year
kind of recurring model add in the niche
banking piece and then probably just
start doing Roll-Ups on agencies to
convert the agency front ends basically
get rid of their back end use our back
end because we made five times more per
customer than they like any of our
competitors and just use their whatever
their marketing like keep the face keep
the outbound dialers keep their ad guys
and then just plug them all into our
back end that would then funnel into the
franchise and that would be all I would
do and then you know tuck ins and just
like little little things that would
make sense strategically but like man
does that sound boring
um it's just like not and I and we just
don't wanna I didn't want to be the gym
guy and maybe that's my own my own thing
I just didn't want to I already look
like this so like I would be pegged as
gym guy for [ __ ] ever
to give you context like gym launch was
started on an accident yeah it
accidentally exploded took us from being
broke as [ __ ] and having no money to

25
00:24:00.000 --> 00:25:00.000
being like extraordinarily wealthy and
we're super grateful for that but it was
never built intentionally it wasn't like
what do you want to do every day what do
you like to do with your time what do
you see your life it was like we're
[ __ ] broke keep going we're not gonna
be broke one day and so it's like we
never built it to be a business that
both of us would like be laughed like
long lasting have a drive for and so
just like
it's a great foundation for Fitness
Empire we said we need to build our
foundation for the other kind of like
what we really want next and so we want
the machine that builds machines really
and so that's what acquisition.com is
yeah so we're like that's what it is
fundamentally to us we never want to
sell it maybe it will build other things
and acquisition will own other
businesses and those might get bought
and sold but like our division.com will
never like I it because now that we did
sell gym launch like I never want to
build a team from scratch again like and
we're doing with acquisition and it's
like the team we have now is [ __ ]
badass but like it's just time you know
what I mean I'd rather just get the
trust and the the trench knowledge and

26
00:25:00.000 --> 00:26:00.000
the experiences together and then just
keep sharpening the knife of that of
that machine and then we can you know
basically and you from a tax perspective
like selling just never makes sense so
it's just an accumulation game and so
and it's just for no reason because like
why not and that's literally the only
reason we're doing it because it's just
why not what else are we gonna do like
big ditches like I don't know like this
is what we find interesting
story time all right guys this is kind
of special because I just sold the
website for 8K that I bought for about
100 bucks
it was called grow Getters a newsletter
that talked about marketing growth I did
it just for fun with two friends and it
made me realize that I wanted to tell
more people that you could start with
small deals you could start with large
deals but you can definitely start with
online deals so I partnered with this
company Flippa thanks guys about where
to buy online businesses it's my
favorite site to buy any sort of online
business period full stop that's why I'm

27
00:26:00.000 --> 00:27:00.000
trying to invest in them so maybe you
guys can check this out so that I could
get part of this series that'd be
awesome thanks Blake CEO because after
all we know that 94 of startups fail
that's why I like to buy them instead of
build them and this is true on Flippa 2
for online businesses you can get loans
or use seller financing although you got
to put down some cash you can have
profits on day one of owning the
business you can use the cash flow of
the business to fund your next brilliant
idea but instead of paying for an idea
you buy it first so here's the link go
check them out there's 500 000
businesses have been listed on Flippa
they've done billions of dollars in
transaction Cody you're forgetting that
flipper is also the best place to sell
an online business they even have a
matching algorithm to get your business
in front of the people most likely to
buy
so anyone out there looking to sell or
even just find out what their business
is worth check out Flipper's free
valuation tool here anyway back to you
on stage Cody
you have to sell something to someone

28
00:27:00.000 --> 00:28:00.000
and the best way to let someone know
that you have something to sell them is
one of two things you can communicate
privately you can communicate publicly
so on the basis level because there's
five ways you can leverage it but just
at the basic level
you can communicate privately meeting
you can email someone you can text
someone you can call someone it's any
kind of way that you can talk face to
face somebody these are all ways you can
communicate where it's just like think
inboxes and think things that someone
has to check with passwords like those
are all things like you could like those
are all things that you can do
one-on-one the uh public forum is like
you can make posts you can make content
um
like those are the those are the you
know you could put a sign out like those
are all literal ways of communicating
one to many and so if you don't have
people to sell something to you must
advertise when we Define advertise that
means to make known so you have paid
advertising you have free advertising
both of them are advertising and so that
is how you advertise is you make things

29
00:28:00.000 --> 00:29:00.000
known you can do it publicly You Can Do
privately and what you are making them
known is your offer and the offer is
what you're going to present them
hopefully something that so good that
they will feel stupid saying no and if
you don't know what to sell sell your
time and it's easy saying it has no
inventory it never goes bad never stock
it there's no Logistics and it continues
to go up as you get better and so
if you don't know how to make money
there you go
yeah yeah I was actually
sure you get this a lot that's 100
million offer
we're between the two of you guys it's a
lot of the ways that you apply it to
your business I see like the philosophy
you don't think so I'm sorry no I don't
have nothing to do with the offer I
don't give a [ __ ] about that stuff why I
mean I do because I'm like never offer
something that we can't do right of
course like I but when he's like here's
what the offer could be then I'm like I
will build the thing to to fulfill to
realize that so if that's how it works
like this is what I want to promise yeah
he's like this is what I want to promise
I'm like here's how we could do that and

30
00:29:00.000 --> 00:30:00.000
that's how we work together so it's like
I don't
I am not interested in marketing and so
the people ask marketing like how do I
I'm like I don't have no no I find
branding interesting I find anything
that's not paid I'm like you don't have
to give you money on the marketing like
I like it but like direct marketing
production like I know all the inside
now like 2 I mean I live like we're
married I know all of it I like sales I
was in sales yeah but like marketing and
the offers and all that I'm just like
yeah I mean it's like when I talk about
meetings
I think there's this new way we can do
agendas for these meetings we can set
the first five another [ __ ] go away
yeah
no thank you
I feel like you hit the lottery for like
a Visionary person to have somebody who
can actually do the things
not to be married but to work together I
proposed on the first date I mean I
proposed a business partner really yeah
oh and what made you say yes or even be

31
00:30:00.000 --> 00:31:00.000
interested in engaging I was actually
really resistant in the first like two
weeks um I was like
we just been on the internet like what
and he would bring up I said can you
just stop like I just yeah I don't
remember her saying please stop just as
a side I really don't remember
that point I would just get really
uncomfortable to change the subject
um let's talk more about this this is
way more important yeah say he's like
let me lead project you're trying to
figure out if you're going to start a
gym or if you're going to go all in
online because I keep saying here's the
two businesses which might not go all in
on and he was like neither he's like you
must take so much more money if we do
this thing together and I was like what
you know um but I was so young and he
was so persuasive like I'm pretty sure
at that point honestly Alex like that
was like I was not I was really
susceptible you had no shot
like I I was also in sales but like I
loved it like I was like he was selling
me on myself and my capabilities and how
much money I was gonna make if I joined
with him and
um
I think uh I think it was really it was

32
00:31:00.000 --> 00:32:00.000
a good sale
um but no he totally sold me on like
that ideality Distortion field of Alex
yeah absolutely and like I finally I
like joke because like in the beginning
the first like year it was totally like
that and then finally I feel like I like
I just started going to masterminds I
started like seeing us acquiring more
knowledge and I was like I see which
I was like you've got a good deal going
on you know then you got half of
everything so then she resold mine
that's good how did you know that she
was an operator that you wanted to
partner with quickly I didn't know she
was an operator that I wanted to partner
with I just knew that she was good at
stuff that I wasn't good at and she I
saw that she worked really hard and she
noticed how and so that I mean that was
it like she know she was top sales rep
for 24 Hour Fitness in Orange County and
she was like 23. and so I had a bunch of
gyms and I was doing Fitness sales so I
was like Hey girl
I was like if you know how to sell
weight loss I was like we can make a
bunch of money together and I was pretty
sure word for word what I said I was

33
00:32:00.000 --> 00:33:00.000
like we could make a lot of money
together I think if Layla had like a
single superpower is that she is
she's like a chameleon but like
unbelievably coachable like she can just
like she can like whatever is required
is what she'll figure out how to do
and I think she's more malleable than I
am and so I honestly I think that's why
it was like two of us have the same
thing she's like I'm more valuable I'll
go figure it out and then she became who
she is now but I think she's just
incredibly like whatever is like
whatever the lock requires she'll just
like morph into that to like get the job
done and it's great and that's why I
mean there's a reason that until I met
Laila I didn't make serious money I made
like some money I had to change a chance
but we didn't like you know we had five
six locations but like
I wasn't making you know I mean I was
making a ton of money yeah um but like
as soon as she came in like everything
blew up holy hell after meeting with
hormozi I'm totally overwhelmed that
guy's like a walking Twitter episode of
all the to-do lists I should do I guess

34
00:33:00.000 --> 00:34:00.000
honestly if I'm gonna build a 100
million dollar business I kind of think
a little bit bigger
[Music]
ah
did it work

