https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFHztmuKDuU&ab_channel=AnikSingal

1
00:00:00.000 --> 00:01:00.000
100 million dollars acquisition.com
buying companies left and right having
started recently and just had three
acquisitions last year we're going to
talk today to alex hermosi who is the
new sensation on social media you've
seen him everywhere wrote a best-selling
book is out there inspiring millions of
people every day and he really does have
a lot of wisdom to share so in this
interview i talked to him about what
industries he wants to get into i talked
to him about how he runs acquisition.com
how he evaluates if a business is a good
business and the advice he would give to
information marketers on how to turn
their business which is so dependent on
them into an exitable asset we covered
everything from social media his
favorite channels to how he's growing
his brand and what his biggest goals are
which is to reach a billion dollar a
year portfolio revenue lots of amazing
stuff in this interview so get ready now
remember hit that subscribe button and
make sure you click like and leave us a
comment below and learn expert.com lurn
expert.com join the entrepreneurial
revolution for information marketers i

2
00:01:00.000 --> 00:02:00.000
believe in peer-to-peer education
institutional education is dying i want
to show you how to build an information
business if you're ready to do it join
us there but for now let's go meet alex
ramosi here he is mr alex hermosie
himself alex what is going on welcome to
the fighting entrepreneur this has been
a long time coming i'm sorry i've had to
reschedule you twice because but i have
a good excuse we had a baby and so you
know you and i had a podcast our first
one scheduled
the exact time it was like within a half
an hour of the time my baby was born so
i remember messaging your assistant like
a day before i was like ah i don't think
i could be able to be at work tomorrow
so man thanks for finally making it here
i got so many questions to ask you
congrats first of all on all your huge
success
um
company selling book and now social
media sensation
i don't know where to start you know so
much so much to ask you dude you're
so tell me something we'll start with
this i'm going to start with a question
it's just like what's the evil plan here
what's what's the
what's the master plan let's start with

3
00:02:00.000 --> 00:03:00.000
the end in mind and then i've got a
bunch of questions to kind of
specifically get into it but social
media i mean you're doing this is hard
work putting this kind of content so
tell me the big vision that you're going
towards
i mean the big vision at this point is
to
document and share the best practices of
building world-class companies and so i
mean that's the mission of the business
and so that is what we're ultimately
trying to to have happen and so we
wanted to build a business that builds
businesses uh because
after having the three exits that we had
last year it was more around like okay
now that we've kind of done that
um understand the process etc
it's much more about buying and building
now because the whole liquidity event as
much as it's like an interesting
milestone from an entrepreneurial
perspective um you then get this big
glob of money and you're like well what
am i going to do with this big glob of
money like well i guess i'm going to go
buy more assets with it you're like what
kind of assets am i going to buy well i
mean i do know business so maybe i'll
start buying this and then you end up
just like trading equity for one thing
for trading
basically back into equity and other
things and so

4
00:03:00.000 --> 00:04:00.000
after we made that transaction it was
like okay well this is where we feel
like we have a competitive advantage
like i'm not
a real estate mogul you know i mean i
haven't been doing that that's not a
world where i feel like i haven't i have
an edge um but you know in the business
services world
education world etc um just traditional
business i feel like we're pretty pretty
strong there we can have a value added
in addition to capital and time and so
we wanted to build a hold co that would
be able to
scale companies quickly if they fit
within our kind of buy box and so that's
ultimately what we did and the social
media side is can we provide value to 99
of people without really selling
anything and then four companies that
find value in that who are you know
three million 10 million usually you
know our average company right now does
17 million top line um
at the time of this making which is
uh i'm going to date stamp this august
16th 2022
uh and so
uh that's kind of the range what we're
looking for most those guys are looking
for you know getting to 50 or getting to
100 million um and then having some sort
of exit got it

5
00:04:00.000 --> 00:05:00.000
so do you have a particular like
you'rebuildingacquisition.com i've heard
you throw around a billion dollar
portfolio is there a numerical goal that
you're going for like what's your next
kind of mantle that you're you're you're
shooting for
yeah the
the first one would be to get layla on
the forbes list for women which is you'd
have to have a net worth over 250
million so um that's probably you know
in the the nearer future side um after
that would be a billion dollars in gross
portfolio revenue
um and then after that would probably be
you know maybe i maybe i make it on the
guys list uh which is i would say
substantially higher uh than the gross
list and that's no insult to women
that's just those are just the stats got
it all right so the next the next goal
you're going for is 250 million are you
guys public about your current net worth
yeah what is that
it's a hundred nice all right i figured
i was gonna say because i've seen a
couple of podcast episodes that are the
100 million dollar
man and then of course i saw one for
lila as well um

6
00:05:00.000 --> 00:06:00.000
so
one thing is how many companies are
inside of acquisition.com right now
right now 11. 11 companies do you guys
have like a
particular rhythm is it like one every
quarter or like what do you what's is
there a goal there
uh there isn't a goal so that's been
something we're pretty deliberate about
uh because we didn't want to try and
force acquisitions we don't want to want
to do a deal so we didn't want to even
have incentives around that we we
actually recently just started saying
that we weren't even going to put any
kind of we didn't want to report on it
because we didn't want to draw attention
to it so it's much more about gross
portfolio revenue which is what we drive
and so you know you can grow portfolio
revenue through acquisitions in terms of
getting new companies in or by growing
the existing companies and i will say
you know transparently it's a lot easier
and a lot faster to just grow the
existing companies um than just like
onboarding yet another one so it's much
more about like picking right which i'm
sure you can imagine like
you know you only need one facebook and
so it's definitely not a quantity game
uh from that perspective it's definitely

7
00:06:00.000 --> 00:07:00.000
like a pick right and weight
game got it
um and you said your highest one right
now is 17 million a year that you
acquired no our average or average
company
big difference
our average portfolio company yeah no
our largest company did 11 million last
month
um so yeah
amazing and when what were they doing
like was that a recent acquisition like
do you have a a story a cool story
that's a that's an older one
um what were they doing when you
acquired them
20 per month
no they were doing uh they did 20 the
year before
that's awesome that's amazing all right
i got i got so many questions i'm going
to try to bounce around here a little
bit all right because i'm like we're
already inside acquisition.com i don't
even want to really go that far into it
um
but so we have um so so your goal is
really to grow the portfolio revenue
which which i like that as a goal that's
a cool goal because like you just said
you could do it by either just growing

8
00:07:00.000 --> 00:08:00.000
your existing companies which would be a
great incentive for you
because that's why you know you invested
in them and that's why they had you
invest in them
um
one of the things you said i want to
talk to you about this because there is
and i heard you say this on some podcast
and this was one of those moments where
i stayed in my car so i parked at my
office i like stayed in the car kept
listening and like re-round it and
listened again and i was like still in
the parking lot for 10 minutes which
i've never done before
here's why okay
i'm gonna come out in the open and say
this i have tried to build technology
now
multiple times
i think i heard you say on a different
day on a podcast that you burned about
three million dollars
well
if you feel bad don't because i think my
calculation comes up to about 15.
i have given it a long go for a long
time and this was the year where i just
said you know what i suck at it like i i
don't i can hire vps high-powered vfps
and it doesn't seem to work the only
other thing i can think of is if i were
to get at some point a very passionate
now this is all stuff i realized on my

9
00:08:00.000 --> 00:09:00.000
own and i was thinking on my own was
like if i got a really passionate
co-founder who i really trusted and
loved and that was the technical hand
and all i had to do was marketing and
sales like maybe i have a shot at
building a tech company but the
obsession with building a tech company
is because everyone says so evaluations
and sas and you know arr and mrr
and i've just lost so much money and the
episode i was listening to you just said
i don't care about any of that i'm
building
like simple traditional information
businesses
um and they're still going to be worth a
lot can you talk a little bit about that
and because you've done a lot of
thinking about that and it provided me
some good hope so talk about that yeah
for sure and i would i would add the
caveat that we're we're like open to you
learning businesses because they can be
structured as what i would consider
traditional service businesses so the
portfolio that we have isn't exclusively
learning it's we have brick and mortar
chains we have you know different
different things you know just
traditional
professional services businesses things
like that um
but

10
00:09:00.000 --> 00:10:00.000
big picture you know education i think
just
it's like information as a service is
the way that i kind of see it it's like
that's really what you know coaching
information businesses are which is
we're helping somebody achieve an
outcome and we assist in the process and
we just happen to have some sort of
learning portal that assists in that to
a degree which gives leverage and adds
to margin um and so like i just see them
as just service businesses like by and
large that's what they are you know with
the exception of just like truly just
selling courses and whatnot but you know
a course selling business is going to
have
less
enterprise value because it's
transactional nature there's nothing
recurring and so the only thing that
because
from a value perspective somebody who's
buying it wants to look at the
predictability of the future revenue and
how likely it is to a happen and b grow
and be bigger and so it's like if we can
answer those two questions that it's
very likely that this thing will
continue to happen and second that it's
going to be bigger in the future than it
is today then it's going to be a company
that's valuable most information
companies as they currently exist are

11
00:10:00.000 --> 00:11:00.000
very founder driven face driven and they
sell in a transactional model so it's
like if that person disappears the
likelihood is low um and in terms of
whether it's bigger in the future or not
it's like they already missed the first
one so it's not even worth getting into
but if you have a large you know
addressable market that you can go after
uh and you have some sort of recurring
nature that can be you know attached to
uh information
then it becomes a service business and
service businesses can be sold for 10 15
times you know uh ebitda without an
issue so it's really just making sure
that the business itself can be
transferred from one owner to the other
that the likely that it grows and the
likelihood that it continues to thrive
is high
i mean that's fundamentally how i see it
so we built those companies and then
reverse it you know like that's what
they that's what a future buyer would
want and we just reverse that in the
presence which just also so happens to
be what any owner would probably want is
a company that doesn't rely on them that
is has high likelihood of existing
tomorrow and should ideally be bigger
than it is today
100
okay so your goal is to get a company

12
00:11:00.000 --> 00:12:00.000
that you feel comfortable has a 10 to 15
ex ebitda exit um in its potential
future is that are you gonna start at
some point exiting or right now for the
foreseeable future are you guys all
about just growing that portfolio
revenue or let's say tomorrow someone
comes along and is willing to offer a
good deal to buy out one of your
companies is that on the docket for you
right now
yeah no we're actually in diligence
right now with an offer for one of our
portfolio companies we took on two years
ago um and so the founder had told me
when he started he's like this is my
exit number he's like i don't want to be
fancy about it someone offers me that
after fees taxes everything that's in my
bank account i'll take the deal so i was
like okay so we got it you know we ended
up getting uh approached by private
equity and they made an offer and he
said that sounds good to me and so we're
we're in the diligence process as we
speak um
so it's the thing is we're minority
we're minority stakeholders so if the
founder wants to exit um you know we
will we will assist in that process what
percentage do you try to go usually take

13
00:12:00.000 --> 00:13:00.000
we're typically in the 20 to 30 range
and are you buying that that percentage
or is it more like your services in
exchange for equity
depends on the deal depends we've read
in checks we've not written checks it
depends on the deal okay but by and
large the types of companies that we're
taking on are high cash flow businesses
that have low capital expenditure so
they don't so if a business needed
capital to expand like let's say they
wanted to you know have more corporate
locations and they were expanding brick
and mortar then there'd be an argument
for where the capital would go that
would be
you know needed to ful to fuel business
growth right um if there were
but the vast majority of businesses that
we take on are not in that circumstance
like we don't work with e-commerce
particularly for that reason because
they tend to be just be big capital
sucks um
yeah okay makes sense um
so 10 to 15x of it uh let's say you do
get
so it seems to me like a typical
information marketing business right
someone is selling courses they have a

14
00:13:00.000 --> 00:14:00.000
back-end coaching program or whatever
that's not
you know going to be right out the box a
acquisition.com target but let's say
someone comes to you that's what it does
look like and they and you say hey not
for me right now but they're very
insistent they say tell me what you want
me to do so that in one year you are
interested what advice do you give them
so that that becomes an investable
company
so
oftentimes we will work with companies
that are um in that well i say often
it's not like you know we've 11. um so
we have taken on a handful of companies
that have been in that situation because
the transition from founder face forward
to
enterprise company is one that takes you
know two years
ish to really fully like kind of wash
the fingerprints off you know the spirit
of the founder is always going to be
there but you know whether they're in
the ads whether they're in the
fulfillment uh those are the two primary
places that they have to be removed so
the easiest one to remove is from the
ads um and then the second place that
they have to get removed is from you
know if it's an information business
it's going to be the content itself

15
00:14:00.000 --> 00:15:00.000
um and then like subsection of like the
delivery would be like if there's calls
or there's events or there's workshops
or there's webinars things like that we
have to remove them from there and so
jumping ahead because i know we talked a
little bit beforehand um
the uh when we were able to sell jim
launch um and prestige labs as a bundle
procedures options the e-commerce branch
of the of the business um we were not at
our own events so like we did not speak
at our own events we didn't show up we
didn't have coaching calls that we were
attending there was no trainings that we
were educating people on
um
and the real you know the only direct
reports that we had was just the ceo and
ceo of the company and that was it so we
didn't have the weekly meetings we
weren't on the monthlies um we attended
the quarterlies
and we had our weekly one-on-one just
with the ceo to so that was the level of
you know at which we had to be able to
pull ourselves away from the from the
company to make it a sellable asset
and that you had already set up before
you got approached by the buyer like
that was already there you got

16
00:15:00.000 --> 00:16:00.000
approached by the buyer after all that
was done
so this was a different process because
we actually went out we went to market
whereas the one that i was talking about
earlier like we got approached so it's
just you know it's fortuitous um but no
we went to market and so it was actually
a two year process for us we went out to
market kind of preliminarily talked to
different bankers etc and we're like
what do we need to do to sell this and
then basically just gave us the
checklist of all the things that were
wrong and so it was like it's two you
know two two founder two founder face
forward so there's too much keyman risk
um it's you know dependent on one or two
primary acquisition channels we'd like
to see more um
more diversity of acquisition uh we'd
like to see lower churn in your you know
in the licensing et cetera et cetera so
they kind of gave the laundry list of
things they wanted um and you know the
the last one was like if you can prove
this out and maybe in adjacent space
that shows that there's a growth
potential um you know in the business
then it becomes you know increasingly
more attractive as each of those boxes
get checked and so it took us about two
years to basically execute on that which
was like hiring out you know the entire
leadership team which got laila and i

17
00:16:00.000 --> 00:17:00.000
out of the day-to-day um and out of the
ads we built a 26-person cold call team
to
which at the time of the sale was uh
over half of our sales came from cold
calls and cold emails rather than just
paid ads
which was a nice honestly
direct response person uh
coming from that background having
having this knowledge that no matter
what was going to happen we were going
to have sales is really really nice um
and then in terms of recurring we you
know we did a lot of different things in
terms of the customer experience the
onboarding process
remixing the product suite so that we
could better match avatars to products
um
allowed us to you know cut the churn in
half over that period of time
and then we proved out an enterprise
product suite which was three times more
expensive than our our current product
um and we basically sold a
representative sample into that showing
that that that product suite would have
legs for the next owner to be able to
build out so that was that was kind of
the process of what we had to go through

18
00:17:00.000 --> 00:18:00.000
with with uh with jim lunch to make it a
saleable exit where we could just
get a check
and walk away without an earn out
without seller financing without a
consult back period um the day we signed
that was the day we walked tomorrow all
right so i want to definitely come back
to jim launch because i want to
understand that business model i've had
a few
uh i've heard you know i've obviously
watched a little bit and had some aha
moments but before i go there so let's
say
uh someone comes to you today
there they have a i'm gonna pick a
random niche here um and for a minute
assume you assume you you like the niche
you're interested in the niche yeah yeah
you like the person you know personal
development they're in personal
development they have a webinar it sells
a thousand dollar course
and they got something else behind it uh
coaching and they're like alex i'm not
going to leave you alone until you
figure out how to make my company
investable for acquisition tell me what
give me that checklist what do you want
me to do how do you turn someone that's
doing a one-time transactional webinar
you know business what what where's your
brain go where do you see that person

19
00:18:00.000 --> 00:19:00.000
then turning it into more of a gym
launch type of business that could be
exited
so i think um
so one
big big strategy things and then kind of
like more tactical so strategically
the reason i like niches like you know
physical therapy hairstylists realtors
gym owners whatever is that
once you basically figure out the model
you can copy and paste a tremendously
personalized solution to many people
which then gives you a very valuable
thing that doesn't cost much and most of
those businesses
have recurring needs and so we can
basically look at what the needs of the
business are and say how many of these
can we fill and then envelope the
customer in all the additional services
they will need on a consumable basis and
so the difficulty with information is
it's really valuable the day before you
get it
it is not as valuable the day after you
get it um but there are other things
that are consumable accountability is
consumable community is consumable these

20
00:19:00.000 --> 00:20:00.000
are things that you would value it today
and need value tomorrow right um and so
we try and peel apart what are the parts
of the
solution that we're offering that are
consumable versus one time and so once
we peel those out we can make those
elements a recurring basis on the back
end um that starts to build up mrr and
the business and makes it you know
reliable and honestly just solving that
problem is the primary emphasis in the
beginning is what is the recurring
product market fit that people will
continue to stay and pay for within this
you know opportunity vehicle in the
personal development space it would have
to be probably something that was much
lower cost because they're not business
owners so it would likely be things that
would be you know tools that would
assist them so it might be well they
started an llc they're going to need tax
services they're going to need
um
probably website that's like you know
click funnels right like they have
they're all it's they're they're in the
in the biz up very early uh entrepreneur
stage so
uh they what do they need they need a
website that's a recurring thing they're
gonna need to have so it's like peeling

21
00:20:00.000 --> 00:21:00.000
apart all the little need to haves uh
and in personal valve they're not gonna
have a lot of revenue so it's going to
be probably lots of little doodads and
widgets um that would create that
recurring base
got it so so it sounds like though
and this is what i've heard before and
this will be a perfect transition into
into gym launch but to me it sounds
almost like your favorite right is
almost a copy paste of gym lunch it's
almost like how can we do gym lunch but
for like
i don't know
i like pizza so i was like think about
pizza today like pizza restaurants right
or like like you said like hair salons
or spas or any so it sounds like pick a
local business
that is a business owner they're they're
successful they they have cash flow they
have money
and show them how to build that business
and come up with the licensable model
for them to use and they will pay
five figures a year to license this
and that's the model that not only gets
your interest but that was the same

22
00:21:00.000 --> 00:22:00.000
model that got the interest of your
buyers
yep i mean and it doesn't have to be
brick and mortar it's more that
it's more
i want to i love i love businesses that
sell a particular way of making money so
rather than say like make money online
like that's tough you know what i mean
it's just it's too varied there's too
many different avenues someone can go
down but if it's like hey here's how you
start a rank and rent
website business then it's a very
specific opportunity so we can create
specific solutions to them that we
predict they're not we know they're
going to need and so we can just a
provide more value b we know where the
path is going so that we can basically i
don't want to say siphon but plug into
whatever future revenue streams we help
them build and then a big function of
that is like how how good is our
customer success like are we able to
very consistently get these people a
result in which case we build our back
end and so that that way we become much
more aligned because the enterprise
value is going to be based on the
likelihood that we can take somebody
from

23
00:22:00.000 --> 00:23:00.000
whatever vehicle they're in into our
vehicle and make them successful because
then the more successes we have the more
mrr we built
okay great so jim launch was was that
the big breakthrough was it you went
from selling i know your story but you
you were going to gyms one at a time
doing all their work and then from there
you had a day where you you took some
calls and you're like wait what the hell
like i can sell this for six thousand
seven thousand eight thousand nine
thousand you know and just sit in one
place
so from there you went and landed up on
a licensing model and and so talk me
through that a little bit like in the
end when gym launch was sold what were
the key product offerings and
where did most of that revenue come from
like what was the product offering where
you were like oh that was that was the
big breakaway for us
yeah there's it's there's always two
products we've been we've i i tend to
like simple product suites so it's like
we had a front end we had a back end
um
gym launch was a product that basically
sold a turnkey acquisition system so it
was you know use these ads use these
pages insert your your name here use

24
00:23:00.000 --> 00:24:00.000
these emails insert your name here use
these meal plans grocery lists for
preparation instructions eating out
guides and put your put your logo on it
um and press go you know what i mean and
people will start walking in your door
here's the things you say to them here's
20 000 recordings of other people
selling the exact same thing um this is
how you price it this is how you down
sell something how you upsell somebody
that's how you tie in supplements all
these elements it's just a turnkey kind
of acquisition system
the uh the backend program is like okay
well then what would you sell them on a
recurring basis so if you think about
that business one of the things people
need they need new ads
because that's fatigue so rather than
you know so you can you can give those
ads once you know that their tests
didn't work
um you can add the accountability
portion you can have all the systems to
scale the team so it's gonna be the add
to the trainers ask the sales guys
that's the front desk girl um and the
recruiting process in order to get those
people in place um
all of the you know the the crm that we
that they used was actually just a white
label crm
that we partnered with that was a gym
specific one um and so for each of those

25
00:24:00.000 --> 00:25:00.000
things they just kind of became revenue
streams that were able to tie into on
the back end
and sell a much longer term uh kind of
deal and so i was just front and back
end and we just tried to ascend the
people that you know were successful at
implementing the front end because then
we knew they'd be successful
implementing the back end and that was
it very simple what was the front end
was it like a course or was it straight
into the licensing model like i think
the back end was like the full suite
right pay us x amount per year and have
access to everything
yeah the
gym launched the original product for
the first five years was 16 000 for 16
weeks so 16k 16 weeks 1000 bucks a week
um
and you know gym owners would make
significantly more than that in new new
contract sales cash or product cash
collected etc
it definitely was not a course uh and i
think that's where you know we parted
from that probably five years ago i saw
you know i saw the course business world
there's nothing wrong with it but it was
uh especially because we're niche you
know what i mean so you've got 50 000
gyms in microgym so i'm not gonna you
know if i wanted to sell 2 000 gym

26
00:25:00.000 --> 00:26:00.000
owners at a thousand bucks a pop i'd
make two million dollars like that's
just not super interesting um but if i
sold 2000 gym owners at you know 100 000
pop it's like it's 200 million that's
much more interesting so it's like how
can we how can we do that um but no for
us it was implementing an entirely new
business model because
with the implementation of like the
acquisition system other holes the
business become clear it's like ah your
pricing on your current you know
business is off and hey these are the
new membership options you should be
selling this is how you should lay out
your floor this is how you should be
popping your coaches how you cop your
sales guy like there's all these other
problems that came up as soon as we
solved the first problem so the first
one was really just kind of an
accelerator to get them people in the
door get them cash in their pocket and
the second one was to buy them time back
and transition it from a job to an asset
got it and the so that was the front end
your front end was 16 000 for
16 weeks what was the back end behind
that then
42 42 was that the licensing where they
get like access to like basically the
done done for you licensing one was just
a truncated duration yeah okay got it
because they could use the ads they
could use the pages they could use
everything we'd already built just press

27
00:26:00.000 --> 00:27:00.000
go and just put their put their name on
but they could use it only for that 16
weeks was that the yeah
okay
so it's a pretty seamless transition
into the 40 because it's just more of
what they already paid a lot of for and
got value my favorite upsell
more of what you've already got yeah
more of what you already got which you
probably liked and enjoyed and got
results from so now you want to keep
using it ah makes sense i'm glad i asked
that question um all right we're gonna
do a little very simple business
well and i'll tell you i've run
all right here i'll say it i may learn
about as damn complicated as it can get
i've made other businesses actually
actually my superpower is i complicate
things like i go in and i'm like oh
let's you know
let's see how do i do this and lately
i'm just like and i swear i think it's
because we had a baby so i have like
limited energy so i'm just like yo like
it's like let's not do that let's not do
that let's definitely not do that let's
just do this and like let's just do this
and do a lot of it um and i think that

28
00:27:00.000 --> 00:28:00.000
it's
you know it's um i was listening to
grant cardone the other day um there was
an event and i was listening in
virtually and he was just like there's
eight billion people on this planet
like there's eight billion people on
this planet because they were trying to
do something and someone was like the
goal is a million and he's like that's a
stupid goal and i'm here thinking that's
a pretty damn good go million people to
opt into something and he's like that
goal sucks you should be at least 10
million and it's like
wait and he's like there's 8 billion
people on the planet like what is wrong
with you so i got to thinking about that
and you've talked about this in your
podcast before where you're like a lot
of entrepreneurs especially in the
information space will get to a certain
size and they just like
think it's over and start launching
everything else and it's like dude you
barely got started like there's such a
huge market
i was i have a friend a really good
friend of mine he's he owns a pizza
restaurant so i was like jiving with him
a few weeks ago telling him ways and
strategies to use the internet why i
don't see anyone doing this i'm like
this is how you can get business using
the internet it's like not hard and he's
just looking at me like completely like

29
00:28:00.000 --> 00:29:00.000
right
and i just happened to go google this
and i was shocked there's 42 000 pizza
restaurants
um in the country and i was like holy
crap
uh i think it's 40 so it's 42 000
non-franchise non-corporate owned
so it's
yeah it's like
it's 42 000 like independent pizza which
first of all by the way that was a
really easy data point to get and i was
like wow that's cool google had it right
at the top and i was actually thinking
of you i'm like this market needs to be
alex or mozy like this like these guys
don't know what they're doing about how
to get business but um all right
i have a question i don't know if you're
publicly on the record about this what's
the next book you're writing
100 leads ah nice love it so your book
you know i that's how i came to know of
you and i feel like a lot of people are
kind of getting to know of you from a
lot of places i'd kind of you know seen
stuff about jim launch and all of that
but your book you know and the book came
out so this is funny i'll give the back

30
00:29:00.000 --> 00:30:00.000
story it was like everyone started
talking about i'm like who the hell is
this guy talking about offers like
what is this 100 million offers like
what is this just ridiculous so i was
like i gotta look at this like i've been
in this space for 20 years i don't know
what this guy is so i opened the book i
started reading it and i'm like
that's the one question by the way that
i have so i teach copywriting i teach
everything the one question i have
always struggled to answer for students
is how do you make a good offer
and like i could just never really
answer it's a tough question
and so nowadays it's just like go by
alex's book like that book's got the
full framework i also say good luck
because it's freaking hard you'll spend
more time
trying to check off the boxes in that
book than ever but that's by design so
100 million dollar leads so you're going
to share systems to generate leads uh
paid organic all anything else that
you've got you shared about that
yeah so there's there's there's four
ways that a person can let another
person know about a thing and then
there's two strategies in addition to
that so there's six in total but
the other two leverage the first four

31
00:30:00.000 --> 00:31:00.000
that's awesome all right awesome okay do
you have a rough idea when it's coming
up
i'm guessing q1 um i finished the final
i like the first draft uh this last
weekend and so
i'll have to go through second drafts
and edits and all that kind of stuff and
then usually i'm guessing that'll
probably take 12 weeks
and then from there it'll take 12 weeks
to get it published and all that kind of
stuff so probably six months ish from
now q1
awesome all right
um
so
let's let me ask you this question you
kind of alluded to it earlier will you
ever operate another business or is it
just investor from here on for you
it depends how you see the the hold co
operations you know i mean because it's
it's
if it's like
if you think about warren buffett and
charlie i think they definitely are
active in you know berkshire hathaway
they have 19 employees et cetera now is
does it require do any of the portfolio
companies require them to grow no
absolutely not but they're actively
involved in trying to you know fix

32
00:31:00.000 --> 00:32:00.000
things now obviously they're much older
now they take but it's not looking at
what they're doing now it's looking at
what they what they did to get here
right i think they were working a lot um
and so you know it's the same degree
that's that's very much how my time is
spent is it's almost all
um helping the portfolio companies but
not
actually selling something that makes
sense so so that that's the and i was
actually going to ask you it sounds to
me very berkshire hathaway and i was
going to be like do you have any
employees at acquisition.com i have seen
the office you work out of so i did see
that tick tock video can't
can't fit many employees into that
office so do you do you have any
official employees of acquisition.com
yeah no we have a full okay very helpful
too okay awesome and so what what are
they doing other than obviously the
support staff to help support you and
i've worked with your assistant who's
awesome but do you have people that are
out there looking for deals analyzing
the deals what does a support staff look
like yeah i mean there's definitely the
deal
the deal analysis side um that's a
decent amount of
bandwidth but if i were to divide the

33
00:32:00.000 --> 00:33:00.000
company up 75 of it is supporting the
portfolio companies
um and so that's
basically everything we can to help each
of the departments of each of the
companies grow so we've got people who
are experts in marketing people are
experts in sales expert and all you know
all these different components so that
we can help them grow oh that's
excellent okay so you have people that
work full-time for acquisition.com whose
job is to coach
whatever their expertise is into the
portfolio companies whether it be sales
or marketing or any of that
yeah i wouldn't use the word coach but
yes
support
is that better so why not use the word
coach i'm curious why'd that get you
laughing what's wrong with that word
mostly because i think it has a
different connotation you know what i
mean i would say this is much more you
know advice counsel than it is like
coaching you know they're not on
accountability calls and stuff like that
they're more like this is how you need
to lay off this department this is the
comp structure these are the way that
we're gonna recruit these people like we
need to switch the software up things
like that rather than like hey did you
do the things you did last week um you

34
00:33:00.000 --> 00:34:00.000
know what i mean it's a little yeah it's
kind of consultant slash like almost
like a board member
much yes it's much more akin to that
okay got it got it got it that's a good
that's a good difference and i'm glad
you brought that up um
all right so let's pivot to social media
yeah
it's a lot of work man why not just do
some paid stuff what's going on like
and let me let me share why i'm saying
this so
i'm loving it i'm not going to complain
and my my social media is blowing up but
we were just talking about this before
our interview started
where my head av guy was like man we're
just like it is so crazy how fast we
burn through the stuff we shoot because
we'll one week we'll be like yeah we're
two months ahead and it's like
hey man i'm about to run out of content
like three days so like can we film more
and i'm like we just filmed and so it is
exhausting but i'm seeing you know your
stuff and you're you're very prolific
you made a video recently we talked
about like kind of
how much you spend just on it so i'm
curious you came from paid you did a ton
of paid and then all of us on one day

35
00:34:00.000 --> 00:35:00.000
you're like i want to do organic like a
lot of organic talk me through that my
mindset
well the first one was so we i said just
just now that there's six ways you can
get customers right so you can do paid
ads you can do content marketing you can
do
um you can do cold outbound or you can
do uh warm outbound or you can do uh
referrals you can do affiliates right so
those are kind of like the six
strategies you can do to get get people
right um i had built a company using
five of those six um so i've used
whatever so i've used each of those five
in different companies that we've owned
and sold
the one that i hadn't done is i'd never
built an organic base brand and so it
sounded fun
to try and do something that i hadn't
done before and that was honestly the
the primary thing
um the secondary reason was that i knew
that for me for what i wanted to build
um i would want it to be in inbound like
deal deals are not sales you know i mean
it's it's a partnership for a very
long-term commitment you have to come in
with trust
um especially because we're in a
minority stakeholder situation like we

36
00:35:00.000 --> 00:36:00.000
have to be able to lead with influence
rather than with legal you know arm
twisting which is how i prefer not to
live my life and so
kind of solving backwards from the
problem of like how do i get lots of
people who already trust me to want to
work with me for the long term it's like
well then they should have consumed a
lot of my stuff so i can either do a
paid thing but that's still more salesy
um and we're buying not selling so we're
in a reverse situation so i had to kind
of reverse the funnel and uh make it off
of inbound and so that's why i did it
off organic yeah no and it's great i um
you know i saw right around the time
that i saw you really go deep into it
was right around the time that i was
thinking about it
i have not done
cold outbound but of all the ones that
you mentioned the only two i've not done
are cold outbound i've done a little
warm outbound i could probably do better
with that
but i had not done organic at all and
mostly the reason i had not not done
organic was it is a time commitment but
mostly also i'm a bit of a private
person so the idea of me talking about
my relationship with my wife

37
00:36:00.000 --> 00:37:00.000
or whatever
it just didn't really settle with me
and so this is a funny story you'll
appreciate this so we use some of the
same resources in the sense of
consultants that work with us so the
first time um he came down flew down the
film with me he's talking and he was
telling me a lot about kind of stuff
that you and him have done together he
keeps talking and i'm like all right
when you went to film with alex first
time how many videos did he do and he's
like he had a hundred i'm like we're
gonna do 101. and he's like i i don't
want i was like we're gonna do 101. he's
like we don't really need to beat alex i
was like damn it i said we're going to
201. um
but it's it's i was arguing with him
because he would tell me to do a certain
topic right and i was like i would talk
about that right and boom he'd be like
let me show you right of course he would
show me your channel and and so i
studied your channel i like the mix i
think it's very
very meticulously done you can see the
the balance of like hey sticking to the
point of like you know that attracts
that but then come on sometimes kind of

38
00:37:00.000 --> 00:38:00.000
veering off and getting personal
what's interesting is i would watch your
content for more the professional side
but i just told you earlier i'm like
i've seen your flannel shirt your
flannel video i thought that was
freaking hilarious i've seen your office
video so actually it does help for
people that are following you
to like kind of see that other side like
your chipotle thing dude makes me laugh
like every time i go to chipotle every
single time i eat chipotle i'm like i
think about alex or mosey so you somehow
branded yourself along chipotle now but
that stuff really helps and um so when i
got started with it
i i wanted just outreach i was like i'm
really tired here's what i was tired of
i was tired of every time someone sees
my face
it's commercial
it's an ad it's me holding something me
saying come on yeah and i was like i
would love i'm at different place in my
life now i'd love to be able to every
time someone sees my face i want them to
be like oh what does he have to say
today like and so organic was the best
way to do that for anyone who's
listening or watching organic will take

39
00:38:00.000 --> 00:39:00.000
some time but man once it starts to take
off it's like a freaking freight train
that you know like right now we're
getting on youtube alone like 15 million
views a month i don't even know how to
process that that's like
you know it's it's it's growing so fast
so
what's your favorite social media
channel let's say gun to head you got to
lose them all you get to keep one which
is the one that you think consumer to
consumer to post them not to post for
your business
uh i like youtube
youtube what about you youtube and i
would have said youtube podcast i just
like the long form stuff you know i mean
the long-term stuff you can go so much
deeper into topics i feel like you can
provide a lot more value in a in a real
way
um
not that you can't do it in the shorts
but it's you get you get the difference
it's you can really take apart a topic
and get someone to understand something
rather than just like a quick quick
hitting belief shift hey ryan did you
hear that
ryan did you hear that long form is
still better than short for women i
argue about this all the time um
you can also think about shortest top of
funnel versus middle or bottom of funnel

40
00:39:00.000 --> 00:40:00.000
you know it's a different way of
thinking about it so maybe it's i mean
again these are preferences we do them
all um and then uh in terms of uh
using its twitter by far i'm a huge
twitter guy i love twitter i don't do
twitter at all i i don't even i don't
even know how to log into my twitter i
don't know why people like twitter
what's so great about twitter talk to me
like i'm not i'm just not in the twitter
land at all
so um
not to offend anyone any on other
platforms but i think the quality of the
average twitter user is higher so like
they have higher average income like
higher iq i don't know like the
discussions that are happening on
twitter are much more interesting to me
than like
you're not going to see like tons of
viral cat videos on twitter you know i
mean maybe there are but they're just
not getting served to me out about but
like there's just less of that
um the other thing that i like about
twitter is
kind of like it's intellect
yeah it's kind of like a it's like a
it's like a more maverick linkedin you
know what i mean uh people are a little
you know people are not necessarily more
polished there but the difference is
that people are being judged on the

41
00:40:00.000 --> 00:41:00.000
quality of their ideas so it's not just
some girl who's posting butt pictures
it's all you got is and and because of
the
character limit it forces concision and
so i think a lot of people tend to draw
a lot of people don't know why they're
saying what they're saying they just
like make noise and so i think there's a
higher signal to noise ratio on twitter
overall and so i think i get more value
from consuming twitter and then i also
think that twitter has made me a better
writer because it forces me to
consolidate my thoughts into single like
various shorter sound bites
so um
speaking of twitter so on twitter if i
want good people to follow
um can i go to your profile and see who
you're following is that a good measure
to see like some like because we have
similar interests
you know like business people you know
i'm i'm pretty sure i would enjoy
following the same type of people that
you follow so i'll just hack whatever
you're doing mine's like one third one
third one third it's like comedians
philosophy and uh and business those are
like the three that i follow nice all
right i could see that um
so speaking of twitter what do you think

42
00:41:00.000 --> 00:42:00.000
you think uh you think he's gonna elon
musk is gonna get twitter or you think
it's gonna fall apart i hope so i hope
so i think it'd be really good for the
platform and i really like the platform
do you think there's a lot of do you
think there's a lot of fake users and
robot issues
yeah yeah i'm sure i mean i don't know
how you deal with it on instagram but
like
a third i mean i get you know 50 plus
comments per post that are just robots
on on my instagram so i can't imagine
that
you know i get it i'm getting a lot even
on youtube now a lot of comments that
are that are pushing people yeah
yeah i mean i'll tell you what most of
my posts on social media i get to learn
just how
much people hate me um
people that don't know me hate me and
yesterday so this is a funny story
you'll appreciate this and i i got my
first
one million view video on tick tock
after being on it for like almost almost
three months just frustrating me um
and of course

43
00:42:00.000 --> 00:43:00.000
it's got my wife in it right it's a
video about me and my wife and
i don't remember filming it so my wife
has one simple rule with me she's like
if you're gonna
talk about me or use me because she's
not she's in my business but she helps
manage our investments but she won't
like layla will be on camera and show
new my wife is like i'm not don't take a
picture of me don't do anything so she's
like if you're going to use a picture of
me or whatever it has to be approved by
me first i want to see the picture
i'm like all right i don't know man in
the middle of this filming session how i
end up filming this video i don't
remember filming it i'm listening to it
again i'm like when did i say that the
video hits i see it on my own tik tok
and i'm like oh because i see a
picture of her right in the front and
i'm like this was not approved
and i'm like okay whatever she won't
know she's not on social media she has
no accounts on any social media but her
friends usually tell her
except like i check like an hour later
and the videos cross like 100 000 views
and i'm like oh this is the one of
all of them
and it goes viral so yesterday she
finally makes me she said we hit a
million she's like read the comments i'm
like never

44
00:43:00.000 --> 00:44:00.000
read
the comments she's like well what's the
point of posting i'm like don't read the
comments so she finally forces me to
read them you won't believe this alex i
thought i was being punked because
they're all positive
i couldn't i sc i scanned a hundred
comments and i couldn't find a single
negative one and i was like wow i think
people are getting nicer yeah
then then look at the next video and
then i'm like never mind we're back
tomorrow like every everything is good
in the land of tick tock um all right so
man we've been through a lot so first of
all thank you for being so open and and
just sharing everything um i for me it's
you know like i told you with where i am
right now i'm trying to get i'm trying
to nail that simplification side of it
and so it's really interesting to hear
how you think about what a business
should do to be simple but highly
valuable
and kind of learning from the gym launch
someone recently i saw on facebook post
and this is a tip for everyone they're
like stop talking about alex's 100
million offers book and if you're smart
go read his gym launch book i don't even

45
00:44:00.000 --> 00:45:00.000
know you had a book called that so i was
like all right i'll go read that they
said lots of great wisdom there
hey if you could go back 10 years
and give yourself one piece of advice
one
what would it be
to help accelerate your growth faster
it's tough because i wouldn't want to
mess up what's happened i'm very happy
with how things have turned out so i
really wouldn't want to mess with
anything um i've thought about that a
lot because i you know i'm sure you play
out these hypothetical scenarios which
is like
you know if my 80 year old self comes
back in time and and tells me something
it's like
if he comes back in time and says
nothing then i'm like oh it must turn
out well i'm just gonna keep doing what
i'm doing let me ask it a different way
i'll ask it a different way it'll be
easier 20 year old walks up to you right
now says alex give me the number one
advice what was what's one advice you
would give me that you know is bar above
all advice by being a successful
entrepreneur
learn how to sell learn how to sell got
it
yeah i i agree it's so it's so pervasive
so i mean
um i i see business as three core skills
it's like you got to learn how to build
you got to learn how to sell and you got

46
00:45:00.000 --> 00:46:00.000
to learn how to lead
and so you got you know the it starts
with selling because no one knows about
your stuff until you until you sell them
the thing right and then as soon as you
sell you realize that you don't know
anything about building product or
building services so then you gotta you
keep selling it as people are not gonna
like what i'm about to say but like
reality is that when you start you're
going to suck right and that's normal
because why would you be good you've
never done it before and so you have to
accept the fact that you have to just
try with 110 to fulfill as much as you
can from the promises you're making on
the sales side and so try not to promise
too much the easiest thing to do is
start working for free uh just to get
those initial successes in learn from
the failures of the the people that you
the customers you get even if they
haven't pay you even if they didn't pay
you they're still customers um learn to
get to the point where they're like hey
uh if you said hey i'm not gonna help
you anymore they would say well i want
you to help me and then you say okay
well then pay me um and then if if they
say yes then you know you've got
something that's actually providing
value um and that's kind of like the the
shortcut of selling and building
products or services and then the level
above that that turns it into a business

47
00:46:00.000 --> 00:47:00.000
rather than just a high-paying job is
learning how to lead others and so i see
those as three-core skills of business
yeah no love it
absolutely love it um it's been super
interesting the last question i'll close
up with is you've you're obviously
watching the markets you're seeing what
not markets like in like
the market markets i just mean economy
or just different industries
what is one two or even three sectors
that you're really hoping that perfect
application comes through for
acquisition.com what's an area that
you're really like man i really want to
get into or acquire or be a part of a
company that's in this area
man you should see the amount of
cool interesting companies we see every
day
from from an exposure standpoint uh i
definitely would love to have more web3
stuff everything that i have seen come
across our table is not people who know
business it's just people who just
really know are very interested in web
free stuff but think that the normal
fundamentals of business don't apply
um so i'd love to see a marriage of like
the fundamentals of business with the

48
00:47:00.000 --> 00:48:00.000
new technology that exists uh so that
would be one of them uh it's kind of
like the internet way back in the day
people felt like fundamentals of
business didn't apply with the internet
stuff it's like it still applies just
has you know different benefits uh so
that's one um number two
i love unique alternative education
stuff
i mean that it's our core thing but
that's i love
i love i love those types of businesses
low capital expenditure high cash flow
um
and i i anything and i would say a third
one that would be like a shadow one
people probably wouldn't expect is um
payment processing loan
a lot of like finance related stuff i've
become a lot more interested in that
side of the world um and like the
businesses of finance rather than like
um finance per se and so i would say
like those are
limited of three categories probably
like finance some sort of alternative
education and then web three stuff
there's probably three that like would
be really interesting to me love it
awesome
all right man well listen i want to

49
00:48:00.000 --> 00:49:00.000
respect your time i'd love to have you
back in the future at some point i'm uh
you know i i think layla's assistant is
waiting for her to approve her so if you
don't mind maybe after this you can kind
of go nudge her a little bit i'd love to
have layla on um and talk to her about
what she does and her i was gonna ask
you some stuff about like what does lela
do for the business and all i was like
i'm gonna ask her to myself get her on
this podcast and um ask her myself i'd
love to have you back one of these days
keep rocking man hope to run into you in
an event res at some point and if i can
be of any help to you please always you
know how to reach me and keep inspiring
us thank you so much and congrats again
on your success
oh i appreciate it thank you for having
me and i hope the audience got value
from the time man awesome all right man
see ya bye
so there you have it everybody mr alex
rosie himself what an awesome interview
we'll have him back at some point in the
future i had actually prepared i got
through all the questions and so a lot
of inspiration there the biggest
inspiration i can tell you is that take
your business that you currently have
right now as it is and start figuring
out how to think bigger how to simplify

50
00:49:00.000 --> 00:50:00.000
and how to get it to be something that
you can be pulled out of so that you can
actually have an exitable asset whether
you exit or not that doesn't matter it's
an exitable asset all right there you go
make sure you smash that subscribe
button like button leave a comment below
and if you're watching us on any other
platform or listening to us please make
sure you follow us and subscribe to us
and of course learnexpert.com
l-u-r-n-e-x p-e-r-t
come on come hang out with us in the
number one community that builds
information businesses we can help you
build one if you don't already have one
and we can help you grow one if you
already do you know me i believe in
peer-to-peer education i think it will
replace institutional education and
that's my mission and dream in life this
is honestly called reminding you when
life pushes you stand straight smile and
push the heck back talk to you soon bye
thanks for listening to the fighting
entrepreneur with your host onyx single
[Music]
you

