https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7yZZGRWZg0&t=935s&ab_channel=OnlineSuperCoach

1
00:00:00.000 --> 00:01:00.000
what is going on I am super excited I
got two legends on the line Alex and
Leah or mosey and I had the great
pleasure of seeing of two weeks ago they
shared the inner workings their business
I was blown away by what they're doing
if you've not heard of them they own a
company called Jim launch which is one
of the fastest growing companies in the
online industry I believe in 18 months
they went from zero to 40 million and
that is profound that is powerful it's
growing every day
changing a lot of lives and I'm super
excited to have them on this show so
Alex and Leah thanks for being on here
my pleasure
let's kick things off what is a core or
mantra that keeps you guys focused

2
00:01:00.000 --> 00:02:00.000
can you elaborate on that because yeah I
think especially nowadays it's really
common in the online space to embody a
persona of success like the cars and the
vacations in this now and I think a lot
of people think that that's actually
what it looks like when you get there
but I can say for both of us we didn't
get into this for the money the cars any
of that we got into it because it was
like hard work has always been in our
blood and in our families and we don't
really know much else than other than to
shoot for really high goal and work
really hard to get there
and what we've noticed is that for a lot
of people they get a little bit of
success and it gets their heads and
their ego then gets in the way and they
rest on their laurels and they don't
continue to innovate they don't do to
provide more value to the marketplace
they don't continue to grow and they
kind of just stay there and expect
because they're new entrepreneurs that
nothing will change and they will
continue to be successful when in
reality that is usually the point right

3
00:02:00.000 --> 00:03:00.000
before it goes downhill and there could
be you know goes bankrupt or whatever so
we reached out to our team and to our
clients to always be innovating and
improving and getting better and so we
always just left reminder
today's success does not dictate
tomorrow that is powerful that's
powerful Alex you ever mantra no I mean
for us I used to joke about this with
with Leila earlier on our relationship
people were like well how you been
together I was like what were week to
week but I talked about that because I
feel that really strongly about like our
customer relationships is that
independent of the contract that you you
know someone may have signed to the
agreement they may have made with you
from a sales perspective from a
fulfillment perspective everything is
day-to-day because it's always like what
have you done for me lately and one of
my favorite quotes by Jeff Bezos and he
talks about how the customer will always
be dissatisfied and so what used to be
amazing like Amazon Prime two-day
delivery was like life-changing and now
if we get the two day instead of the one

4
00:03:00.000 --> 00:04:00.000
day you're disappointed you're like Jeff
come on you know I mean what do I have
to do wait here all day like two days to
get my deliveries but it's because
customers will always want more and so
like the nature of business is that like
since customers are always evolving and
raising their standards like the
business needs to do the same thing and
it really just echoes off of what Leyla
said but it's really based on ego and
then people will become unteachable and
so for us but there's always trying to
just take absolute extreme ownership
over all of our client outcomes so that
we can never blame anyone for anything
because if someone doesn't succeed it's
a hundred percent our fault even if
because if we blame a client we don't
improve right and so the the idea is how
low of a client can we get to succeed
how unskilled of a person how
unmotivated a person can we reach and
still make successful and the lower we
can go the more hand-holding more
support the more clarity we offer with
our solutions then the bigger the market
actually becomes for us and so we

5
00:04:00.000 --> 00:05:00.000
actually can make more money by serving
more people so instead of necessarily
thinking like size of pie it's like the
depth is the pop mmm I love that I love
that and we start sort of two weeks ago
in LA and then you guys come back to
Austin so I'm curious when you guys are
like on a plane let's say you're sitting
next to someone who doesn't know what
you do and he's a we own Jim launch I
mean guys are so multifaceted
when someone says what do you do how do
you how do you explain yourself to them
literally stab a plane and then the next
day had dinner with people we had met on
the plane because we were basically the
easiest way to explain is that we're an
information broker and so we take proven
concepts we test them with in controlled
environments we see what the best
practices are we modulized those best
practices we go through that with

6
00:05:00.000 --> 00:06:00.000
someone else who isn't successful or
good at that particular thing and then
we look at the results and see if it's
measurable based on what the the
execution would be on a large scale so
if we're not planning on doing daily
calls with someone then we need to see
how they're going to do within the
environment that we're going to be
providing this product service training
whatever and then if we have the
measurable result from that intervention
that we deem positive then only at that
point do we roll it out to everyone else
and so basically we're continuing to
innovate the the actual process from
like a client pipeline standpoint so we
see the business in five four places
right you have lead generation lead
nurture so lead generation getting the
names and phone numbers and emails the
lead nurture process getting them to
schedule in show sales getting them to
give you money
fulfillment getting them great results
and then retention and ascension so
getting them by again and then by more
expensive stuff and so when we look at
the business from that standpoint we're

7
00:06:00.000 --> 00:07:00.000
always trying to improve one aspect of
that and then we get feedback loops from
our customer service team to find out
where the biggest hole is today and so
then we focus all of our attention on
that whole take the best performing
people for that product that that issue
take then then find the best practices
apply them to the worst and then as long
as you have measurable positive result
we move forward and that's how we
continue to innovate the actual model
and so that's where I say like we're
like an innovation broker to somebody
who's a pure layman who like really
doesn't know anything about the space
I've seen the world white-label
do-it-yourself franchise it's the
easiest way to say it I don't like the
term franchise but for somebody who's
not familiar with it
we provide all of the things all of the
frameworks that a franchise would be
able provide except instead of you
building my dream you build your own and
so you're just fitness no one needs to
know that gym launch exists your wife
can still think you're absolutely
crushing it off but we just know what
the best practices are for the best
products the best promotions the best
price points the best way of attracting
and hiring people what the compensation
should look like what the schedule

8
00:07:00.000 --> 00:08:00.000
should look like all of these things and
then what the transition season looks
like going from 0 to 100 members 100 to
250 250 to 400 400 plus like we know
what that looks like and what the model
needs to evolve to because it's a
dynamic thing it's not just like go here
because a lot of people aren't there yet
and their organizational structure has
to adapt based on the level of your
business and so that's what we do love
that love that so let's say the person
says hey I know a gym owner there would
be a perfect for sand work with you who
is like your ideal client to work with
ideally like in a perfect world everyone
that would come in would be a married
couple or a gym owner who has a second
in command meaning that they have their
right hand in the gym right
that's not everyone that comes in I
would say that that's probably what
exceed percent of people yeah and then
you know somebody who doesn't have my
leg limiting beliefs around money really

9
00:08:00.000 --> 00:09:00.000
certain price points that's just a lot
like talking about someone we can go
speed from zero to two like seventh in
your gym if you have all these beliefs
in place then all they do is just
execute for people who come in who don't
have a right hand man and who have you
know pricing and limiting beliefs we get
them there it just takes longer to break
those people's beliefs and we have to
actively break the beliefs before
they'll execute the next thing because
they have their own limitations so I
would say somebody who doesn't have an
ego and is open-minded because a lot of
people haven't taught very wrongly how
intentions like the models that people
base their like you look books on Amazon
about horror engine it's the BEC like
what is it out there is like okay how do
you run a gym in the red for forever
sign of any babies yeah seriously I'd
like the people that are still who's out
there because they were successful in
the 1990s it just it doesn't
nowadays the price points the ladder is
like nothing yes
so people who are open-minded and ready
to execute so currently the average Jim

10
00:09:00.000 --> 00:10:00.000
what profit margin do they run at
there's 8 to 12 percent Wow Wow and the
people that you work with how do you get
them to maximize their profits so this
is a point where like a lot of other
probably City you know internet gurus
would be like we have seventy percent
margins but well we really honestly get
people to is about thirty percent margin
but we usually triple the revenue and so
so we actually have so like the average
Jim adds of average and this is
something that no one will ever talk
about right no one ever wants to talk
about their average how come because the
average opt-ins zero for most problem
like business products in the internet
marketing space or even the fitness
space right
but our average gym mats a quarter
million a year ago not the top Jim the
average Jim the median like number 500
that's how much she adds in revenue
right and so if we take somebody like
that and then we can push their margin
to 30% just from the 250 that they got

11
00:10:00.000 --> 00:11:00.000
extra well make an extra 70 grand a year
now the reality is that from their
original Jim a lot of times they were
breaking even and so like that is all of
the money like the 70 to 90 ish thousand
take home is what they're able to make
now the difference I was actually
talking to a friend of mine earlier
today is that a lot of people transition
from being a personal trainer for being
a gym owner and they see all the
additional revenue the main plus side of
being a gym owner is that you don't have
to do the like you know the Train and so
like if you work for lack of a different
balls to wall when you're a trainer
right and you're trading you know most
your time for hours whatever you working
10 hours day 11 hours today trading
sessions you can make about the same
income as you are as a gym one Wow yeah
you're right
but you have to you have to work all up
in hours in those days whereas what we
have our guys you know will usually take
people from there and then we can
totally remove them from the business
within six months and so that's the
that's the difference obviously and I'm

12
00:11:00.000 --> 00:12:00.000
giving you average numbers our top guys
all do you don't have to I mean like
like our top guys
run almost the top top guy right now has
about two million a year in revenue from
one location another guy has doing in
about two million a year and like so
we've got the super super you know
successful judge I'm talking the average
doom that comes in is able to add a
quarter million a year in revenue and
you know we usually get get the revenue
up to half a million six hundred
thousand a year and then they'll be able
to take home that's fascinating because
I guess a lot of times we'll go to a gym
and all the gym owner is so successful
they have so many members in a gym could
be gross than a million dollars but take
homes like eighty thousand a year and
have that crazy responsibility is that
is it you know really work all that
stress is stressful yeah
and that's where the differentiation of
the model is so important is not not
like Peter Thiel who's like zero to one
the investor billionaire he says that
competition is the opposite of
capitalism which i think is really
interesting these are confident like

13
00:12:00.000 --> 00:13:00.000
capitalism is the acquisition of capital
is being able to make as much money as
you can that's what capitalism is right
competition destroys profit margins and
destroys the acquisition of capital and
so ironically a lot of people think
capitalism competition are the same
thing when they're totally polar
opposites and so our whole goal is to be
able to help our gyms provide more value
by satisfying multiple customer needs
and then by doing that they get away
from being a workout facility where they
have to compete on price and be able to
have more specialized pricing they can
sell 3,000 packages things like that to
really increase their margins so one
thing you touched upon and something I'm
very fascinated with this the art of
breaking beliefs and if someone's
listening to this and they don't even
know what that means can you explain to
a layman breaking beliefs with your
words being able to change someone's
mind within a matter of minutes

14
00:13:00.000 --> 00:14:00.000
so something alex is really good at and
a lot of it is tied to not just being
able to emotionally bring someone into
the conversation you're having with your
audience but also using the facts to
back it up and the way they say it I
think that that's probably a huge piece
of feedback we get from Alex content
people
they're like man he literally broke my
lease in like two minutes
and so a lot of times I think when it
comes to break like because breaking
believe sounds like this amorphous thing
right whereas really what it is is
meeting someone where they are and then
leading them through the exact same
epiphany that got you from where they
are to your current belief cell right
and so if I were trying to break a
belief around people you know people
people trapped by multiple services
right so some if I say hey I want you to
sell stock on once all your all your
clients right and they're like well
they're not gonna want to buy like
they're not gonna buy my fitness
services if they're buying something
that might be the natural like belief
that the person has right I'd be like

15
00:14:00.000 --> 00:15:00.000
okay so the easiest way to think about
this is that like when my grandmother
used to feed me when I was a when I was
a younger lad than I am now right I used
to go to her house and she used to have
like ten eleven bowls of food like full
family like ten people couldn't finish
this month and I'll go there alone and
I'd go like not eating breakfast or
lunch just knowing that I was gonna have
to go through this onslaught right
and so I eat until I was full and then
as she's cleaning the plates away she
bringing dessert she couldn't understand
English I'd be like please no I'm like
please I'm like sweating you know what I
mean please no and then um and she would
she bring me of course like some some
pie or whatever and of course I'd have a
slice or two even though I was already
full and one day I came with my dad and
same charade and she's walking away
clearing the plates and she's and I said
please no I'm so full and she says
something back and he starts cracking up
I'm like what did she just said like
what did she just say this vicious
person I'm kidding she's my girl she's
sweet um heads he was like he starts
cracking up he's a she she just said
will you finish your you filled up your
dessert stomach but you're just sorry

16
00:15:00.000 --> 00:16:00.000
you fill up your dinner stomach but your
dessert some excellent and so and then
shoot of course coming out the exercise
and that eat it but consumer spending is
the same way and so I used to think that
if someone bought fitness services they
would then not buy supplements when it's
totally two separate things just like
somebody has a grocery budget that
doesn't in any way affect their
restaurant budget it may still be food
but they're totally different spending
apartments just like the stomachs right
and so for us we'll show someone hey
let's maximize each of these pockets so
that we can
maximize lifetime value the customer
satisfy multiple needs and then by
extension spend more in the acquisition
reach more people have more people set
up and so that would be an example of
like that's what I used to believe this
is what I believe now and then this is
the process that got me to understand
that and I had hundreds of clients who
would literally make payment plans for
fitness programs and then like two days
later come in and spend three times that
amount on supplements Wow it's just it's

17
00:16:00.000 --> 00:17:00.000
just an entirely different spinning
vertical so that would just be an
example of like a belief that I would
have to break you know and so we just
give them the stories of like this is
how I stumbled onto this and that's how
it works you know what I mean and then
usually they have to see it happen so
they just they believe it enough to try
it once and then when it happens then it
becomes real for them and then they're
good to go
that's powerful that's powerful so if
someone wants to get better at breaking
beliefs a lot of its you know thinking
about stories and analogies to kind of
bridge the gap between someone's like
limiting belief compared to where you
want to take them yeah and I think a lot
of a lot of things that help is also
just having social points no you know we
have we have guys who really struggle to
sell in $99 a month membership and then
in their first seven days of working
with us we're gonna say hey you're gonna
sell the same amount of time for $600
you're like holy crap like how am I
gonna do that but then they see
literally hundreds of other gyms who did
the exact same thing saying I struggled
to sell $99 month membership and then

18
00:17:00.000 --> 00:18:00.000
now because I packaged it this way I was
able to sell for 600 and then all of a
sudden they start to please love them
love that I'm gonna she's gears now
because I remember we were in the
hallway and then you gave me this an
insight and I've been thinking about it
for the past two weeks but it was longer
lines of how marriage was a catalyst to
grow your business
yes Leila's made me more money you that
well her Commission was so big I had to
bring it in-house gosh I think one of
the biggest so I'm gonna talk about from
a different angle lay low you can
probably saw her from your side so when
we when we got together like a lot of
people you know we were in a
relationship we were working together
whew most
we're like we're basically married they
say that kind of thing the thing is is
like you're not basically marriage or
not right and so what happened was the
moment we actually decided to get
married because I looked at Leland I was
like this just makes too much sense you
like the same things you're everything

19
00:18:00.000 --> 00:19:00.000
that I've wanted on paper I'm just not
I'm just choosing to be chicken right so
like let's do this and she was like all
right let's do it
and so once we committed and we got
married all of a sudden your plan B your
exit plans all of a sudden disappear and
the amount of attention that you get
back from all of the semi flirtatious
conversation that used to have on
Facebook with the people that you still
like their comments just in case let
them know that you're still there like
all of that stuff disappears right and
then all of the the thoughts of like I
have to keep this line open what if what
if this happens maybe for Layla
she was continuing her online business
because she had known like Fitness
business while we were starting gym
launch because she was like just in case
this goes to [ __ ] I need to have
something right but the thing is is like
even if you're just putting some of your
attention we have a really hard time
allocating 10% of your attention it's
really just like half if you have two
things half your attention goes to it
even if it's way smaller which is why
most new entrepreneurs are trying to do
two things at once and can't accomplish
either right and so for us marriage made
a center for money because it forced us

20
00:19:00.000 --> 00:20:00.000
to both be like okay so we're both in
this great and then as soon as we both
cut all the rest the other things off
our plates is from the business tip oh
wow is for me when I think of us be in a
relationship and not married yet but
working together it makes me think of
being very indecisive so when I think of
a relationship or people I can't reach
the me I'm like you need this because
it's having the courage to make that
decision is what it really is and have
to make the decision even though you
know I'm guaranteed it's gonna work and
most of the time you're not sure because
nothing can really describe how you feel
once you actually get married because
even if you're like us me like stupid we
don't like social norms we don't follow
the rule that there's still something
about getting married that there's a
sense of insane security and Trust once
you do it and so it felt like we finally
made the decision and then once you make
a decision if you're a person of action
right it is not I'm gonna do everything
in my power to make sure that I made the
right decision ending here for all the
work interests I'm gonna be made sure
like we went through every

21
00:20:00.000 --> 00:21:00.000
we've ever had arguments you know things
that model to each other and we sort
them all out we talk about all them
you're very transparent and we basically
took the first I would say eight to ten
months of our marriage and just
solidified how we communicated and
systems processes we were we went
through like all of the like divorce
literature and like fix your marriage
stuff in our first like eight months and
so we like started that way so that we
were like listen we can't mess this up
because there's only one shot you know
we obviously did both of us had two
divorced parents were like we don't want
that and so we started with that as our
as our main objective in like like I
like Leila so much more now than I did
when we got married like for real like
we weren't even like super in love when
we got there it was just this makes
logical sense to us we should do it
which I know is not Tom but it's not
sexy either it's not true but it's but
it was honestly the best decision I've
ever made her I mean I think that that's
profound now thank you for sharing that

22
00:21:00.000 --> 00:22:00.000
I mean it is rare you know I'm gonna say
you guys are a power couple
you got a great synergy making a massive
impact on this world but at the same
time giving the example for couples that
okay this this is you know a good thing
you could be successful you can be
driven have a successful marriage and a
successful business I was thinking about
a conversation I had with one of my
students is a relationship coach and I
was asking him for some relationship
advice and I was like what do you think
and his advice was you know the whole
power couple thing it's like a unicorn
essentially if you're a successful guy
you're better off getting woman who
doesn't have a business is like a
stay-at-home mom vice versa cos most
successful people clash you know of
course he might need is the beliefs
broken is that it's kind of a limiting
belief but that was what he said not to
see it oftentimes when you have two
powerful alpha people they could clash a
lot I think I mean I was going to say

23
00:22:00.000 --> 00:23:00.000
that establishing like there's there has
to be mutual respect and I think that's
really the thing where a woman who might
be more powerful might be undercutting
or say spiteful things and then a guy
withdrawal and get you know cold and
then this gap goes between them and so
there's there has to be this radical
amount of transparency and openness
where like you just say exactly like
here I'm gonna give you a silly example
that's a [ __ ] in an armor that might
that could erode and become huge
yesterday we were working out we have a
beautiful home gym it's been like art so
like some people like we have a
three-car garage and it's huge it's an
extra-wide
and it's packed to the brim our living
room also has the spillover from it like
we've got like 30 pieces of commercial
grade equipment like it's a full gym so
anyways we had this new piece in it was
about squat and I was really excited
about it because I had spent way too
much time figuring out which pieces I
want to put where and lately gets on it
and she was like she's like it doesn't

24
00:23:00.000 --> 00:24:00.000
work and then she just like walks away
and I was so pissed off because I was
like I spent so much time trying to
figure like like this it does not work I
was like we just and I looked at her I
was like don't say that it doesn't work
I was like just say that we haven't
figured out how to make it work yet I
was like that's what I said she's like
that's kind of rude so why just why'd
you say to me that time and so but like
in that moment I didn't like cool off
for a second it came back and I was like
because you said that this is why
because I spent hours trying to feed
this out and then having you like
rejected within a second not having
given a chance I was like made me just
feel like [ __ ] you know that made me
feeling pity and so like it's hard to
identify those things in the moment
you're like why do i why am i so
bothered by this but like we never let
anything happen for more than like
minutes even and like from evening of
our relationship until now it used to be
days and then a day and then hours and
now it's like if there's ever something
that we're off it's like we won't we
won't like fini yeah we just won't

25
00:24:00.000 --> 00:25:00.000
tolerate like we have to address it
immediately and because the higher up we
get in business the more we have to be
clear like the more our space in our
lines because we have our marriage but
we're also co-ceos of a big company and
so like we have to we have to be like
super aligned at all times and so that's
like we put a lot of effort into that
but if we ever had a book in the future
because love logically because it's like
the really she could coach that you
talked about the reason that you
the powerful guy in the and the beta
girl we're gonna say creates a dynamic
because they're opposites right and a
lot of times they'll talk about having
to alpha people it's like there's a lot
of male energy right like two people
doing business up but it's it's just
it's learned right like we had to learn
romance but now that we have learned it
it's like now you have two people who
are alpha people who are goal-driven who
want to rock at everything and so it's
like if you want to prove you're if you
want to improve your sex life right like
no let's talk about that then like
wouldn't you want to really goal-driven

26
00:25:00.000 --> 00:26:00.000
people who like meaning to be doing it
you know what I mean like I don't want
to be married to someone who's less
powerful and so like I want someone
who's gonna multiply in my power not
just be like oh this is my home life
like how can I not talk about work it's
everything I think about on that yes oh
there which gap in our understanding of
life and how we perceive the world if we
don't have that I mean that we just
speak strongly about it because like
this marriage is been so good for us
that's like I want more entrepreneurs to
have it now this is this is great advice
I'm you know I'm gonna we watch this and
take notes and what you just that we go
into relationships and it sounds very
you're about to say but we go in
emotionally not logically so we get into
relationship with Sonia like I don't
know why I like him like he's such a
deadbeat like I like him and like I'm
gonna date him and like maybe he treats
me like crap and like a lot of women do
that right even powerful because they're
afraid of having a powerful man and what
that would be like because that's

27
00:26:00.000 --> 00:27:00.000
usually someone's gonna call them off on
their [ __ ] but instead going into and
being like what is this person like on
paper write all the things down about
they nice to do they do this do they do
that and then from there saying okay
this is a wise decision to let this
person to my life and from here I'm
going to put effort we built arms long
and it's funny but it's like even though
it was built more slowly than any of our
prior prior relationships it's been more
powerful and we've been more in love
with each other than anything we found
the past because we've been so
intentional about yeah we'd like we'll
both be the first to say we did not have
like the chemical explosion that most
people experience when they first start
dating like we like we found each other
interesting
we did not like each other she was like
this guy's such a dick like he thinks
he's so cool
you know to me and I was like this girl
is and I told her that like like first
couple weeks in dating I was I thought
it was gonna work I was like you're very
cold but she immediately and then I saw
her change on a dime and that all of a
sudden all these actually behaviors

28
00:27:00.000 --> 00:28:00.000
changed I was like wow she's really
responsible that's awesome
Wow it's certainly both tried to become
like okay I'll give you one more thing
is that like that really changed our
relationship now this is gold nuggets
keeps sharing
early on in our in our marriage we said
what is a perfect day look like for you
like from me like what is what is what
is my behavior need to look like for you
to be a perfect day and the thing is is
it's so hard to be honest with someone
about what you really want not what you
think you should want or what you think
other people reading this would want you
to say what do I really want like it's
selfish it's purely selfish right like I
want you to serve me like I want all my
meals prepared
I want like I want them brought and
cleared I want my you know my shoulders
rubbed at night I would you know I mean
like I don't have sex at night sex in
the morning sex in between after you
know whatever it is right like it can be
crazy and unrealistic and I recommend
starting from that angle like make it a
true wish list right and so we both did
that like what the perfect day looks
like and then we exchange them and then

29
00:28:00.000 --> 00:29:00.000
when we both saw what the cheat codes
actually were I was like babe I can do
this I didn't know you wanted that she
was like yeah I was like I can do that
that's not a big deal
it's just like really it was like yeah
and then it was the same thing first
she's like oh I can do this instead of
that like I thought you like the bread
without the trust like I can leave the
Crosstown I'm like I don't care
you don't need give it as an example but
as soon as that happened it felt like we
had the cheat codes to each other and
then almost a G's with all the things
that I loved and I was like I love this
girl like she's just perfect she does
everything exactly but and then is the
same thing because we both wanted the
relationship to succeed and so that was
like probably one of the biggest turning
points in our relationship not even
turning point for like big you know
rocket boosters for us was I mean it's
really just exchange of value I think
that people think that marriage is like
locked in you sign the contract you
don't have the Beckert in it's like no
you should be providing value every day
for that person so like
day I told Alex how awesome he is at
least three or four times like I always

30
00:29:00.000 --> 00:30:00.000
have to check myself mentally for these
things I think he does the same thing
it's like make sure every day he says
thank you every day he says I so
appreciate how you make my breakfast I
so appreciate this like we each do that
every day just consistency upon the
exchange of value yeah that's very
powerful I said I've read that a lot in
different books the fact that like
relationships that are constantly adding
value to each other they don't want to
go elsewhere because they're getting all
their needs met same values and yes hold
OBS like you like the marriage is just a
commitment that you're gonna stay
together but that's like where the work
begins you do they mean like not where
the word ends and so like I'm more in
shape now than I was before you know
before we were together because I think
that I you know what I mean like it's
just I want all of those things that she
wants all those needs that you just said
to be satisfied within our relationship
we're just strong believers that no such
thing as conditional love like it's all
conditional but that's okay because once
it's conditional you can control it yes
right you can meet them now that

31
00:30:00.000 --> 00:31:00.000
exercise is really powerful of having
like your ideal day and how you want
your me to treat you now that's
something you would evolve as well as
your lifestyle changes and eventually
let's say you start a family what have
you that's something that you're always
trying to meet them at where they are
that's really powerful yeah I think it's
also like just like in a business you
have to every couple months here like
this meeting doesn't serve a purpose
anymore like it might be the same
relationship like doesn't make sense for
us to do the same way let's do this
instead awesome awesome and uh speaking
of the future and legacy I'm gonna leave
off with this final question because
really admire what you guys have
accomplished the amount of people you're
helping lives are changing and also
leading by example being a power couple
a successful business owner who's always
innovating always over delivering what
do the hormones ease one be remembered
for looking 50 years in the future this
is a deep question think about it but
what do you want to be remembered for

32
00:31:00.000 --> 00:32:00.000
we want to be remembered for bringing
the fitness industry from its knees to
speak so really turning on the industry
so he got into it I perspective of
somebody was a personal trainer um and
had gone fell off coaches and gurus it
felt like when we really Dokdo ving like
nobody actually cared right there was
few and far between and especially when
it came to someone coaching
gym owners on how to be successful and
at this point in time the cat I know
we've had a lot of people say it so
sometimes like I truly believe it which
is like if gym launch can't turn the
industry around I don't know the will
and our whole team believes that yeah we
have the the finances we have the skills
and we have the desire and so I don't
know any company that has more desire
more finances or more skills to

33
00:32:00.000 --> 00:33:00.000
accomplish them and so that's that's
really Wickham sensory so if there's
ever a problem then we know that like
the nice thing is that we have to own it
because we don't we can't rely on anyone
else to solve it so like it's it's all
on us which is cool in its own way yeah
no I'm 2% you know I've been to a lot of
events I hear a lot of people talking
about their mission and literally we
need when you two spoke about your
mission and how much you want to affect
the fitness industry I felt it I felt
the connection I was like wow these
people are going to be legends in terms
of turning this industry around so I
really commend you on that appreciate it
creating something that that far out
lives you you know it says Papa legacy I
mean I think that gym owners personal
trainers are some of the hardest-working
entrepreneurs that there are and I also
think that most of them are the people
who are going to go around and build
even bigger businesses next that are
gonna change the world and so I look at

34
00:33:00.000 --> 00:34:00.000
I'm like we can give them the skills in
this business to succeed they're gonna
succeed whatever they do next right I
mean it's just opportunity size and a
lot of a lot of first-time entrepreneurs
and fitness entrepreneurs because it's
because entrepreneurs aren't any growth
oriented people right so we first fix
ourselves because we're like I'm out of
shape I suck right and so you like now I
mentioned
and so that's the first thing you fix is
you and then you're like wow I want to
grow even more and so now I want to
share this with other people then you
start monetizing that first experience
right in then after that you have all
these people were like how did you
monetize it has the second experience of
like how you - I mean so there's there's
just like that's that's the development
path but there's also guys you go from
there to like making technology apps or
make you know maybe there's a million
different spin-offs from that original
decision but a lot of entrepreneurs are
starting fitness and so you know I feel
like it's our duty to give back to an
industry that's given us so much yeah no
I totally agree and I think the great
thing is the multiplying effect because
when we help fitness professionals and

35
00:34:00.000 --> 00:35:00.000
coaches essentially they're helping
thousands of people on their journey and
you know like it's tough out there many
people want to give up you know if they
don't find a good mentor someone that
could help them they're gonna quit you
know but if they stay on the on the plan
their echo effect is powerful notice
that most people who didn't get into it
for business they can get into it to
make money they got into it because
their passion and I would put mine I put
my dollars behind some whose passion
about their business the work but my
dollars behind someone who'd just start
a business nygma
well said that's that's perfect closing
words and right now you know people are
listening to this they're like whoa mind
blown Alex and Layla thank you for
everything you shared about life about
business about marriage where can people
go to learn more about what you guys do
so if you're if you're a gym owner
that's really probably there's two

36
00:35:00.000 --> 00:36:00.000
places you can find stuff if you want to
see what we do but I don't hate money
calm and that's if you don't hate money
if you do any money definitely go over
there I don't need money calm and then
if you just want to kind of like kind of
enjoyed this you like podcast you go to
Alex's podcast calm al exs podcast and
that'll rot heated in gym secrets
podcast which is are all of our stuff on
how we sell it like how we've grown as
entrepreneurs to how the scale company
that passed off yes I'll put that in the
show notes and when you guys decide to
launch relationship launch sign me up
first client whatever you charge I'll
pay it not the secret marriage launched
before you doesn't with you like we'll
help you find your pride yeah teach me
the secrets know what you shared today
was very powerful I really appreciate
take care guys

