https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsWJexgOXlo&ab_channel=BRADLEATV

1
00:00:00.000 --> 00:01:00.000
listen up or run
[Music]
what if he is bratli back again with
another episode to drop bombs today in
the studio folks I am piping in a
frickin champ you probably heard of them
before if you haven't you're about to
his name's Alex Hart mosey Horta mosey
he's the CEO of Jim launch okay he's got
a meal company he's probably got more
companies and I even know about but the
reason I brought this cat on is one
reason the dude used to sleep on the
floor have no money whatsoever and then
he started freaking a few businesses and
now he's a multi Multi multi damn-near
III I don't even know it might end up he

2
00:01:00.000 --> 00:02:00.000
might end up a billionaire smart son of
a [ __ ] folks you better pay attention
to this one we're not gonna talk much
about kovat although I want to bring up
Kovac welcome Alex hor mozi what's up
buddy actually pumped to be here since
it's been on the calendar
well so have I man because I'll tell you
dude when me and you first started
talking I'm thinking goddamn dude if
this dude ran Lightspeed I'd already be
a billionaire cuz dude you do stats you
know you you know what you're doing
you're quick you're still cool like
usually you got to be some sort of
techie nerd type to be like you so
you've got like the techie nerd that
that I can't you seem to be and you got
the cool so you're like a unique mix of
things and then also you you know how to
build culture you know how to build
brands like where'd you learn all this
[ __ ] everywhere you know I see that in a

3
00:02:00.000 --> 00:03:00.000
lot of seriousness I think so one of the
major beliefs that we've that I've I've
espoused in our whole community is is
knowing what the path looks like in
terms of leveling up as an entrepreneur
and at least how I saw it was in the
beginning you're acquiring skills the
next level you're acquiring character
traits and then after that you're you're
breaking and challenging beliefs and I
see that as three steps that continue to
repeat themselves over and over again
at each level and so like in the
beginning you're learning how to market
and sell right you're trying to learn
how to promote learn how to get people
to buy stuff right you're you don't even
know you're selling you're just trying
to get somebody to give you money right
and then you start and stop and your
shiny object you're like you start doing
this thing you start doing that thing
right you're going all over the place
because you don't have the character
traits that allow you to be disciplined
and patient and consistent right and so

4
00:03:00.000 --> 00:04:00.000
it's like you had these skills but you
weren't applying them because you'd have
the character traits and so first you
learn the skill then you wanted the
character traits and then you change
your beliefs about what you should be
doing for fulfillment what you should be
doing is the opportunity of you but
they're gonna use to package your skills
then also we monetize them in and then
you kind of start all over again you're
like okay what skill don't need to learn
now I learned how to sell but now I got
to learn how to how to train someone
else to sell then I gotta learn how to
manage a sales team then I learn how to
I used to learn how to market but then I
got to learn how to run a graphics
department and and a video department
and copywriting and traffic and media
right and you're like oh wow so I had to
learn each of those skills myself so
that I could then teach someone then
also call someone else out on their BS
if they're like well that's not possible
you're like I see right now see right
there dude that that is my problem
because I was about to say why'd you
have to learn it yourself because you
don't have to if you try to be
everything to everybody you're gonna end
up a small ass company which again
you've grown your company to how much
now 37 3 so dude that's like like do you

5
00:04:00.000 --> 00:05:00.000
think it's hard getting to freakin 37
million dollars it's it's it's it's I
think the percentages are astronomical
that most companies like oh I didn't in
the first year then after it like let's
say 92% then after that out of the small
fraction that actually make it a year a
92% of those will never reach more than
10 million dollar revenue yeah so you're
against all odds and I'm telling you and
you just said it you learned it so you
could call people on their [ __ ] for
me I cannot do I go back I say man I
need the system to do this you know
let's make it do that and then like
seven months later it's like where are
we and they're like well you know it
takes time and I'm like oh okay well
let me know you know in a beautified new
how to code I could walk back there and
be like [ __ ] bro this should have
been done six months ago you're out
you're out you're out you know you know

6
00:05:00.000 --> 00:06:00.000
what Elon Musk has he's he's an expert
at so many things and I think that's
what's allowed him I mean zillion other
reasons but one of the reasons they've
been able to innovate so well and create
so many unique companies is because he
knows a lot about programming he knows a
lot about mechanical engineering he
knows a lot about electrical engineering
he knows a lot about chemistry and
plastics and materials and he knows how
to market he knows how to promote and he
knows how to do PR and he does that
improve and so all of those things are
skills that he had to lace together and
at least for me like I don't need to be
able to know how to do every single
thing but I the biggest skill that I
think we write as CEOs have to know is
how to be able to recognize true talent
and there's so many people that talk the
talk and sound pretty and look good but
like over time you develop the pattern
recognition or like I think you're full
of [ __ ]
you're like I think you sound good but I
don't think I don't think you have the
grit you know and yeah it gets back to

7
00:06:00.000 --> 00:07:00.000
the big point it's like I need to be
able to know what's happening so that I
can say whether it's good or not or how
it needs to be improved and fortunately
the the areas that I don't know the most
about like finance and HR like I never
even had the desire to learn about that
I think we had enough interpersonal
awareness to be like this person comes
heavily vetted I talked to their talked
to all of the CEOs they worked with
before I looked at the track record and
then immediately within the first week I
felt relief and the things they were
doing made sense to me and then I would
check with other people that I know
they're just as smart and I had my other
finance buddies interview that person to
vet them because it's their skillset not
mine right and so that's that's how I
try and cover the blind spots on the
areas that I don't know but for me at
least a CEO product marketing our
product and acquisition are the two
things that I feel like I have to know

8
00:07:00.000 --> 00:08:00.000
better than just about anyone
an acquisition comes to all forms
marketing sales leap you know lead
nurture the follow-up sequences pages
funnels traffic violent I need to know
that stuff really well and then to the
same degree the product right I need to
know more specifically what it's
supposed to do not how the lines of code
but what the problem it's supposed to
solve us how much time per day did you
spend getting up to speed learning so I
I right now work still 12 hours a day
six days a week and I haven't really
stopped and you haven't really what I
haven't stopped that that's I still do
that I don't I don't have kids my wife
works with me we only need a half day
you know to feel recharged or whatever
and we start super early we start at
4:00 or 5:00 in the morning and we

9
00:08:00.000 --> 00:09:00.000
usually go and so four or five so that's
kind of our schedule four or five good
morning four five at night and then we
just take up you know less three hours
of every day it's just me and my wife
and we have dinner and you know just
rest and hang out and then we do it all
over the next day and that's that's I've
done the same thing since I started and
folks if you guys can't see them cuz
you're listening to the audio you can
check us out on youtube youtube.com
forward slash V T as in virtual training
Bradley L EA so you can see the dude the
dudes all ripped so dude you have to be
you have to be working out some during
part of that twelve hours usually I work
out after work I just recently started
working out first thing I've done all
different times usually just depends on
what work I'm doing at what time I'd say
if I'm in a heavy build mode I tend to
do my most creative work in the mornings
and so I want to like I get out of bed
and I already have things I want to
start working on and then at the end of
the day my brains tired but my body's
fresh and so then I'll work out if I

10
00:09:00.000 --> 00:10:00.000
have to make more like strategic
decisions and like have to like talk to
people in training coach like the team
then I'll probably work out in the
morning so that I'm mentally sorry
physically a little bit more calm and
then I can go into the meetings like
without my like aggression
recive side cream bring me back a little
bit you used to sleep on couches and be
just like broke where you still like
Fitness but just broke because I know a
lot of dudes that are so into the gym
yeah like they always make fun of me cuz
you know I got a little love and they're
always like you know hey won't you do
what put little weight on that bar and
I'm like once put a little [ __ ] money
in the bank at the end of the day like
you can screw with me about being buff
but but dude I can screw with you about
being broke you you've got both things
covered but back in the day we do
Fitness I was obsessed with Fitness
until the day of my business and then I
automatically took a back seat so you
were you were in shape then yes I've
been in shape I mean I've been trading

11
00:10:00.000 --> 00:11:00.000
since I was 13 so I had a six-pack when
I was 14 years old like I've never been
like out of shape I think big picture
I've always seek status and so really
the things that would get me girls and
so you know when I was in high school
what what got you girls it's like at
least I thought was being in shape and
you know that's what I thought till you
lose money in college it was doing well
and then getting a good job afterwards
so I did super well I did better in cost
than I did in high schools I didn't
really care as much but and then I got a
management consulting job I finished in
three years as president for Germany
I did all the things that you're
supposed to do to get status in that
community and then as soon as I
graduated I realized none of that
matters you just got to be rich as [ __ ]
and so and so all of my focus went to
towards business but the habits of like
it's hard to unlearn knowing what like I
can't I know what I'm eating every day
because I've been doing it for so long
like I know it doesn't take any mental
energy and then like training it takes

12
00:11:00.000 --> 00:12:00.000
so little energy to maintain what you
spent years building that I can workout
twice a week for 30 minutes and I can
maintain mmm so you were sleeping on the
floor which best basically meant you had
no money your parents weren't rich what
were they middle-class so my dad's a
doctor but I had a very so he was like
hey you should use you should just take
over my practice well he's a plastic
surgeon
so yeah yeah he does well um but I never
wanted anyone and this is my own ego I
never wanted anyone to say you were
successful because of your debt now that
being said my dad loved me and he
supported me and he put me in you know
good school so like I can never really
get around that right you gave me good
genetics whatever you want to say right
but insofar as like I saved the money
for me working as a management
consultant as a 60 grand when I was 22 I
saved 60 grand by the time I turned 23

13
00:12:00.000 --> 00:13:00.000
and that's when I opened my my first
facility I spent all the money I had and
I saved $10,000 left over in the rent
was 5,000 a month and so I had two
months worth of rent on a five-year
lease and I had never sold anything in
my life in fact I was offered a job at
Merrill Lynch to be a to be on the the
sales side for wealth management and I
said I'm not a Salesman that's that's
not who I am I'm uh I'm an academic and
so and as soon as I open my door sounds
like [ __ ] I got to get people to give me
money yeah so so when you were saving
that 60 G's and you opened your business
you were basically sleeping on the floor
of the business yeah I slept at the gym
the first nine months so like literally
like that's not one of those I walked
uphill both ways and carried a baked
potato on the way so I could keep my
hands warm and when I got there that was
my lunch for the first nine months with

14
00:13:00.000 --> 00:14:00.000
the caveat 60 G's in the bank to open
the business 60 where were you where
were you sleeping when you save 60 to
some apartment because a lot of times
dude people can't save $60,000 like
that's to me like dude you saved six and
frickin jeez like how do you do that
when I were you 21 through 23 see when I
was 21 number one I'd be lucky if I was
making 60 G's actually I was but I was
blowing it yeah trying to try to chase
that tail look cool impress people how
did you was it your upbringing that or
you were
smarter than me no my dad my dad's first
generation immigrant and so he came here
with a suitcase and nothing and now he
belts his his whole life off of just
work ethic and so like that's and we
never spent money you wouldn't know that
I was raising money because we wouldn't

15
00:14:00.000 --> 00:15:00.000
use paper we wouldn't use paper napkins
at the dinner table because he's like
it's a waste of money we didn't use
paper towels because they were expensive
like he's a plastic surgeon but like he
never stopped living that way and so
that that translated over like the car
that I had I bought for five thousand in
cash so I had no payment on it had no
nothing and I lived on $1,100 a month
while I was a management consultant and
that's a really good paying job and so I
lived all in on that and I lived in
Baltimore but all of my work was in DC
and or in Omaha Nebraska at comps I used
to work space I were an intelligence
different life than now but ok but but
he was during that during that contract
work I was I was paid well and that's
what I saved it well if anyone's
listening that's the first thing you
guys got to figure out is how to save
money and and not spend it not like me
dude when I started Lightspeed I was

16
00:15:00.000 --> 00:16:00.000
pretty much broke I had child support I
had car payments I'd lived beyond my
means as a salesperson and a sales
manager you know I spent I I was making
three four hundred grand before I quit
but I'd spend it so again I was just
broke at another level and when I first
started my business you know it was hard
to get going so so literally I had a
one-bedroom apartment oh I had a
two-bedroom apartment I was I was I
would didn't have much furniture I
needed a lot of [ __ ] car payments all
this problem is is when I started making
ten thousand a month with Lightspeed
which took a while I took five of it and
hired somebody
everyone's like dude what are you doing
and I was I didn't even think about it I
was building the company I wasn't
thinking about getting more dialed in I
wasn't thinking about new furniture I
wasn't thinking about a nicer car
getting Cotta I was thinking about
building the business and so when I look
back man I basically did the same thing
I I reinvented money
and didn't worry about getting a nicer
house and that was the hardest thing I

17
00:16:00.000 --> 00:17:00.000
think most people had to figure out is
you know scaling their business by in
reinvesting and and living low and you
were doing the same thing
Leila and I have one car you still live
now yeah
we live we live on less than nine
thousand dollars a month still yeah I am
dude you know I know that may sound like
a lot to the listeners but for relative
scale that's less than 1% of what I take
home everyone not only not only that but
dude nine thousand a month dude is is
like you ain't living high on the hog
then I bought my house in cash I know
Uncle G said no but I have no payments
I'd no debt everything I own is in cash
and that's just like I didn't want
anxiety so for me I'm actually really
security driven ironically as an
entrepreneur so like once I make the
money I never want to lose it and so
like I just I just been broke and I did
not enjoy it and I don't want to be

18
00:17:00.000 --> 00:18:00.000
broke its attention to what that lesson
is so so you so you saved 60 G's you
opened up a gym you basically invested
all your money and we're willing to
sleep on the floor for nine months did
you say yeah nine months why didn't I go
to that that will make that story a
little better go ahead I increase the
revenue of the gym by five thousand
dollars a month every single month for
that period of time and I still slept on
the floor so I was sleeping on the floor
and I was taking home $25,000 B just
because you like to be there I think
there's a little bit I think there's a
certain degree of like definitely
internal fucked-up-ness of like enjoying
the grit in the struggle and being like
I'm gonna tell this [ __ ] story but I
also really just like making money and
seeing it go up in my bank account so
you're like it's like a scoreboard it's
a game yeah I got a dick like every time
I think about am I gonna spend something
I would be like I really want to make
sure I go up this month and so I just
like I'd rather cop and that was this is

19
00:18:00.000 --> 00:19:00.000
like pretty much how it's always been
I mean literally my wife right now she's
like let's get a second car and this has
been like our discussion of the last
probably two months like get a second
car like what
need a second car for you no and then
she was like the g-wagen is really nice
and I'm like I know it's it's nice I'm
like why don't we just get enough let's
just get a pickup for like 20 grand and
then like not think about it she's like
hey when are you gonna stop living like
this and I'm like I don't know I don't
know but then I see Warren Buffett I see
Charlie Munger you know living in
$60,000 middle America households and
I'm like I'm sure there's a balance
point but I think Eileen I'm not them
but I lean more to that side than to the
lambo before I have I got for free I'm
on the other side it's almost like if
someone if you did have kids and they
went to you and said dad can I borrow
$30 you'd say $20 what do you need $10
for did you it's like you're the type of
dude that just likes that scoreboard
yeah interesting

20
00:19:00.000 --> 00:20:00.000
all right so started doing it started
making money and then when did it when
did it click and say [ __ ] I need to open
up a chain or like how did gym launch
secrets get going so I'll give you a
short stories I can basically I had the
plan was never to have one gym so I went
into this wanting to build America's
Next like huge fitness facility and I
wanted it to be based on transformations
and results and like that's what I
really wanted to be about and so the the
thing that I was able to do well was I
was able to open up each facility at
full capacity on the first day except
for the first one so I went to this
Facebook marketing conference I learned
how to run Facebook ads in 2013 and so
it was a two-day conference it was an
intensive it was like well what was that
that costume was about so it cost me
$3,000 to go to this two-day like
intensive and this was my first thing I
ever bought in the information space and

21
00:20:00.000 --> 00:21:00.000
the promise was if you meet you would
you're gonna make $10,000 by the end of
the weekend or you got your money back
and I was like okay like sure and I
didn't have like I mean the whole gym
cost me 50 I had 60 so 3 was like 3 of
the 10 that was left so like it was a
lot to me and like you know I'm TV so I
got like all right like I gotta figure
this out after the
again I did not make $10,000 but I
learned how to run face but yeah that's
how I got it I was like I see how this
works
I can I can figure this out and so I was
able to run ads and that's how what
would allow me to start filling up the
facility quickly and by month nine
that's actually when I had fully
outsource the facility so at that point
I had all the trainer's the manager it
was running without me being there and
so at month 15 I was able to open up my
second location that cost me 250,000
inside I've been able to save up just
about two hundred at that point from the
cash flow of the business to open up the
second location and then every six

22
00:21:00.000 --> 00:22:00.000
months after that opened up a new
facility at full capacity and so I
opened up six locations over the next
three years total and then I started
going to these infrared internet
marketing conferences and things like
that and I saw this guy russell brunson
speak and he wasn't allowed to pitch so
he just like talked about funnels and
stuff and I was like this guy knows what
he's talking about this is cool and a
year went by I never did anything and
one night I was this is during a
different period of my life I was
drinking about half a bottle of Johnnie
Walker Black every day because I had
nothing to do I was bored like all six
of the gyms were running and I was at
home and I had I had nothing to do I
would text me like hey need anything and
they were like I just made some like ink
for the printer and I've gone Amazon I
buy do anything else like no we're good
I was like all right and so I went and I
saw he was like looking for inner circle
members whatever and then I signed up
for his his coaching group for $25,000
which again was a ton for me at the time
for still as a gym owner like I was I
was asset rich cash-poor
every time I had more money I opened

23
00:22:00.000 --> 00:23:00.000
another facility and that was like
basically just kiss stack sex act
another facility stack sex act another
facility that's how I did it but as soon
as I showed up with the first thing
there he said and the biggest thank you
that I have for Russell in my whole life
is that he broke a belief for me and so
that's why I think these progressions of
skills first I learned how to market and
sell and I learned how to operate learn
a business and then and then their
character traits that allowed me to do
it more consistently and then I you know
man Russell he's like he said this I'm
not saying you know necessarily say
anything bad he was like you're too good
to be a Jim he's like you're you have a
level 10
skill set in the level 2 opportunity
that's what you told and so it like hit
me like a ton of bricks on public [ __ ]
and so I was like but this guy makes
more money than me and so I will listen
and so I sold my gyms I took his advice
and then I started launching gyms so I
started going to other facilities and
filling them up to full capacity like I
had done mine so I open I would
basically take a gym in sick in 30 days

24
00:23:00.000 --> 00:24:00.000
from zero to full doing all the
marketing and sell stuff and I would
keep all the upfront revenue but I was
flying out and then eventually we you
know I scaled up to a sales team to
eight guys and house every month we'd
launch eight gyms flying out to
different cities launching these gyms
and I keep all the up front and then
they would get the members so they get
two hundred three members I'd get the
first six weeks of cash and then the
rest was theirs and that was kind of the
trade-offs there's no risk to them I had
all the risk and that's why I got all
the upfront but then quickly I was like
this is not a very logistic ly scalable
model so at that point I was doing about
350 a month when I started launching the
gyms and I was like you know what
there's there's a number of things that
happen in a period of time that the
model didn't work out I didn't have any
control the fulfillment so we could sell
somebody but the people who are coming
to me were typically failing gym owners
so they didn't have good product they
weren't good and so I would sell them
and then they would do a horrible job
with fulfillment and then I was the one

25
00:24:00.000 --> 00:25:00.000
who's carrying the risk of the of the
processing transaction and so we get
refunds and charge backs and also stuff
and I was like this just they didn't
feel right it was close but he was wrong
and so what end up happening is I said
Leyla she was with me at the time I said
why don't we just start selling online
and forget the gyms like we'll just sell
straight well so weight loss we'll just
sell straight to consumers and we said
cool and so within 14 years room 2,000
bucks a day I was like this is great
we'll take the eight sales guys we'll
bring them in it's gonna be awesome
we'll do it eight thousand a day this
could work and so I have eight more gyms
that were supposed to launch the next
month they were supposed to and so I
called him up and I was like hey we're
not cuz I had to book these things out a
couple months in advance and so I called
him up I was like hey you know we're not
gonna be doing this thing anymore
you know or another direction and the
guys are like listen man like I need
this I like I'm maxed out my credit
cards up to my ears and debt like I need
like I need these clients man and I was
like like I don't tell you I'm not doing
any more and then finally is it you know
what I'll show you how to do it I was
like but I'm not flying out there to
save your ass if you can't sell they're

26
00:25:00.000 --> 00:26:00.000
like no no that's fun in this pen splint
and so they were like wow how much
tonight and at the time I picked the
highest number that I could think of for
selling something which was six thousand
dollars I was like six grand and I
wanted him to say no that's why I tried
to pick a high number I didn't want to
do it and he was like okay and I was
like you would have thought I would have
if you had looked at my face when that
happened I was like holy [ __ ] uh I was
like okay and then I caught up the
second guy who was supposed to launch
her that next month I had eight same
conversation he was like how much no
it's like eight grand
he was like okay I was like and I called
the rest of the guys and I made $60,000
in that day and I was like holy [ __ ] and
so I looked at lay that I was like babe
we're not getting out the gym and I was
like we were just doing it wrong and so
I think that's interesting because you
can have the same skill set but packaged
in different opportunity vehicles can
create massively different results and
so over the weekend I built the whole
training system and all that stuff and
then we launched it and all eight of
those guys made 40 grand in the first
month using using all of our systems and

27
00:26:00.000 --> 00:27:00.000
then that was March of 17 and since then
you know we we sold now the program
sixteen thousand we have a have a yearly
kind of group that we continue to coach
people and improve their businesses
that's thirty five thousand a year and
we now have three thousand one hundred
genes that purchased that sixteen
thousand dollar program you know across
14 countries over 2500 in the US alone
and so it's been a ride and so that's
that's that was kind of the impetus of
gem launch skyrocketing a year and a
half later I started to supplement
company prestige labs because all the
gyms
I sold supplements a ton at my gyms and
I never really had anything that worked
well I just it just I needed to do it
was a good profit stream but there's a
ton of problems with how like the
traditional model set up with like
fronting the inventory and stuff and so
we made a zero inventory model for the
gyms for the POS that worked integrated
into their into their back-end to track

28
00:27:00.000 --> 00:28:00.000
to the trainer and everything and
so we launched that first month they did
1.7 million and then that's pretty much
stayed as a constant
that's another like 15 to 20 million
dollar year revenue stream for me that
comes from the from the supplement
company we started meals this last
December which Brad was referencing we
started that again into the distribution
basis just solving the next problems and
then in about a year and a half ago we
started building a software which has
been pretty much the thing that I focus
at least half my time on is building
that out because it's not just for gyms
it's for any vertical and so that's
that's now did 580 last month and it's
six month of being around so that's
pretty exciting for us that it's it's it
just kind of just recently hit it's
hockey stick and it's just it's gaining
a lot of traction because we spent so
much time Brad knows from other
conversations how much time I've put
into this thing it is it is a data
machine and it is awesome so I can talk

29
00:28:00.000 --> 00:29:00.000
more about throughput from click to
close all the way through but that's
what it was built to do is to optimize
how many dollars a brick-and-mortar
business gets off their marketing and
it's really good so that's the ability
of that huh
was that you must love the scalability
of SAS model software it's it's it's
crazy
it is incredibly so to anybody who who
just knows Brad as as Bradley the guy
you saw as the influencer the guy on
Instagram or whatever like running a SAS
business is the hardest type of business
you have the sharpest minds it's the
most competitive world they're well
capitalized they're venture-backed
you're fighting against the smartest
dudes in the game right like the level
of people who competed in MLM versus a
brick-and-mortar versus online marketing
versus like you continue to go up and
skill set and I think the tip top of
that look at the biggest businesses the
world they're all software based
businesses biggest ones they own the
world and so you have the smartest right
at the sky's that you're competing
against and it's expensive it takes time

30
00:29:00.000 --> 00:30:00.000
you have to make really hard trade-offs
and strategic decisions and it's been
amazingly it's been lots of fun because
of the challenges cuz it's a different
level of game but yeah so I mean I love
the I love
because you also have something that you
can show right like this is what it you
can show someone this whereas you know
with information or coaching things like
that it's a result that they're going to
experience otherwise you're just showing
them videos portal etc but with sass you
can you can show what you're doing which
i think is just very cool as an
entrepreneur so if I'm a gym owner
listening to this and I'm like shut down
right now
does your how do you help a shut down
gym right now so we nine months ago or
ten months ago now I took a really
public stance that I got a lot of flack
for then I thought that there was going
to be a recession coming and then I
thought that there was gonna be an event
of some sort I didn't because of me flow

31
00:30:00.000 --> 00:31:00.000
but I thought there was me some event
that was gonna pop the bubble around
brick-and-mortar group training and the
the signs were showing at least for the
brick-and-mortar gym models because
there were lots of the the market had
slowed down in its growth profit margins
are dropping price was getting driven
down towards the commodity services and
guys are barely making it in the best of
economic times and so I was like as soon
as they shake the tree 30 you guys are
going out of business and so the
solution that I presented then it's the
same solution we have now which is you
need to pivot to having remote services
having 101 online services in addition
to your in-person training it's higher
margin it increases your scale I believe
it's more valuable because people value
convenience and personalization more
than anything and that's not gonna
change that's human beings and so those
are best that I would be willing to make
and so we made those videos and then I
got must've shift form and then go would
happen then I got less [ __ ] for making
this video so that was nice but our guys
had already we already built out the
entire system and so overnight we

32
00:31:00.000 --> 00:32:00.000
pivoted our whole community and so our
whole community's selling just as much
if not more now online than they were in
person and a lot of our guys are just
contemplating whether or not they even
want to go back because they make more
money they're breaking order doing
nothing oh yeah no me other clothes they
can't do I mean they there's nothing you
can't I mean some of them were a lot of
them are able to transition their
in-person clients to remote but on top
of that they sell
remote services for people that aren't
currently customers couldn't you
couldn't couldn't if you're a gym out
there and you're in your clothes can't
you figure out a way to become an
essential facility like for example
doctors are essential so bring a doctor
in and consider the workout medically
based at work you might I wouldn't say
that it wouldn't work for me it was I
had to think of what is something that

33
00:32:00.000 --> 00:33:00.000
they can all do tomorrow to generate
cash flow and so converting their
existing customers into remote clients
mostly were able to keep 90 percent of
their clients really and you say oh like
I'm gonna log in in the morning to a
zoom and workout in my house no so
that's the way the majority the market
is doing it I'm not saying that you're
joining the market through your job are
gonna do a job and so not what you mean
I'm gonna bug in and do fitness watching
you and listening to you from home but
the big difference between so big
picture if you're in the gym I'll take a
90 seconds on gyms if you're in the gym
industry you're not gonna beat Beachbody
at having online workouts they've been
doing it for 20 years with a better than
you at it all right they're huge they're
well capitalized they can beat you at it
and they're cheaper now I almost almost
closed those pricks on light speed about
eight years ago closing hey Carl if
you're listening you should use light
speed we got in car ien Carl was in the
room I almost closed them but I think
they ended up trying to copy it well
just build their own not copy it but at
the end of the day I almost closed those

34
00:33:00.000 --> 00:34:00.000
pricks dude that would have been a
good'n damn it Carl so you're not gonna
compete with them they're right in the
same degree you're not gonna compete
with like free workout diet plans right
like you can google them and get them
for free so on the sauce trail right so
what competitive advantage can a
service-based facility offer that no one
else get accountability is making sure
you do the [ __ ] that you're supposed to
do it's not the thing that you're doing
that's the value it's the making sure
that you do it that's the value and so
we saw the accountability can portion as
the primary piece now we have the
software behind that that one I didn't
build we just private labeled something
and then custom-built a bunch of stuff
into it that was all of our systems and
our messaging
so that we could give people the hey you
just had your first workout how was it
hey what can I change and so instead of
having group workouts are actually
individualized workouts for the person
and so think about it instead of hey I
was paying 150 months for her in person
why would I pay 150 months for remote
instead its I was paying 150 months per

35
00:34:00.000 --> 00:35:00.000
group and now I'm paying 150 months for
one-on-one and that's the key
differentiators that now we're selling
one-on-one service but it's much more
scalable because you're selling in a
remote setting
listen up folks you got a gym or your
what about personal trainers they're in
the exact same boat your yeah you're
gonna have to sell accountability you're
gonna have to sell one-on-one and that's
where you gonna be able to still get two
hundred three hundred dollars a month
all day long from gen-pop for that level
of service in fact a lot of people
actually prefer the one-on-one
convenience of being able to have
workouts catered to them you're just
blank cater to them and someone who's
checking you know them every day to make
sure they're actually doing it and
tracking their progress no gyms are
doing that incorrect training and that's
why it's more valuable what about what
about leasing out your equipment like
like to me there's a gym but I'm a house
I would run down there was Fitness 19
their clothes like I didn't know the
owner but man I'm telling you I was like

36
00:35:00.000 --> 00:36:00.000
going [ __ ] dude I wish I had that piece
of equipment at my house real quick like
Ida kept paying and out of gave him a
hundred bucks a month just to say hey
let me use that for a while like you're
not using this son of a [ __ ] breath to
my house I'll give you a hundred bucks a
month to use that those pieces of
equipment what's the lowest which the
lowest hanging fruit that everyone can
execute without a lot of operational
drag and that's gonna that's gonna feed
them all right now let's take a little
abrupt turn only because I know you like
data from talking to you offline like
did you you you get freaking excited
about data I don't know if you call it
data or data at the same time you like
numbers so here's my question what the
hell is going on
with this Kovich [ __ ] dude is it blood
are you in LA are you in California oh

37
00:36:00.000 --> 00:37:00.000
thank god
dude I'm telling you like Washington the
state of Washington California there's
there's their state certain states that
are just like going there just stupid
but the whole country stupid what do you
think's happening I really like that you
framed this question because that's how
I talk about it I think this is like
what's happening right now as a perfect
example of having people interpreting
data differently right the quality of
the data because ultimately if everyone
believed that the date like and this
this extrapolates to business decisions
the six trap Lakes that how you run
companies all of this why to why people
who have the same values most people in
this country have the same value why
would they if presented with the same
data and make different decisions right
and so right now the question or the
thing that's being brought in a question
is that is the validity of the data is
are these deaths really Cove it right
like or or are there alternative
incentives that bed right now hotel

38
00:37:00.000 --> 00:38:00.000
excuse me hospitals are going out of
business doctors are getting furloughed
because there's no one who's going to
hospitals so the idea that there are
overrun massive like across the country
is pretty much a fallacy like that I
think if you talk to doctors who like my
neighbors and yar doc like you talk to
them like they're empty right and so
then you have the economic incentive for
them which is that you get $13,000 for
every person who's Kovan well [ __ ] if I
have no more revenue and every death
that I have has the potential now in
order for you to this is my
understanding isn't that fraud that's
fraud right in order for you to mark to
denote someone that's good
they don't need to be tested positive
they just need to show symptoms of kovat
which could be a cough or signs of
weakness now I don't know about you but
most people before they die who does not
call for tional and sign of weakness oh
yeah so you're putting good good
intentions people and then you're
creating a situation where it would make

39
00:38:00.000 --> 00:39:00.000
almost logical sense economically where
you're being permitted to get funding
where you can no longer generate revenue
marking something because you made the
requirements for that you must mark
anyone who shows these symptoms now
we've always seen we've seen the
dramatic decrease in pneumonia deaths in
tuberculosis and deaths and aren't these
deaths but I looked at the deaths from
last year so I did dive with a little
bit into this in mind you just for
everybody I've never voted I don't care
but I just like to look at like what is
right and so if you look at the deaths
from last year same time two deaths this
year the same time from a statistic
standpoint they're the same and so the
same amount of people are dying right
now is were last year and so just from
Cote now right like like forgetting how
we're coloring it the total deaths
because you think if there was a
pandemic those murdering people
everywhere right that there would be an
increase of deaths that would be natural
right an increase of people would be
dying if there's something that's worth
joining a country now but we're not
seeing the same total number of people
are dying now whether we're allocating

40
00:39:00.000 --> 00:40:00.000
it to Kove it or not is less my I'm not
I'm not there I'm not the one checking
the boxes right um well we are we are
doing than that and you already hit it
it's because they get paid now my
question is if they said no more money
for kovin we don't care if they're covet
or flu no more money for kovat you think
all of a sudden the kovat 19 pandemic
would end
I think hospitals are business did you
mean wouldn't it right the downstream
effect of that is that the whole point
of flattening the curve was to not or at
least what we were told her at least my
understanding was we're trying to
flatten the curse we don't overwhelm the
health care system yeah the health care
system is underwhelmed they are going
out of business getting furloughed
because no one's there and that's a fact
that's not it that's not that's not a
theory you know I can see you're young
it's just that so yes I think the
incentives are misaligned I think that

41
00:40:00.000 --> 00:41:00.000
you fundamentally when you made the
rules that way the game was going to be
played this way whether it was
intentional or not is another discussion
but like I can see why someone say yeah
well if they if they have Cove it then
we want to give them funding that makes
sense well we don't have any tests so we
should just say if it looks like Kovac
that makes sense in theory but in then
in practicality it means anyone
who shows any sign of weakness before
they die I can get $13,000 for the few
minutes and this is gonna kick it that's
just my two cents yeah and not making it
a felony to be wrong you know so at the
end of the day again I wouldn't blame a
hospital if I owned a hospital and the
government came in and said the same
thing dude I don't consider it fraud
it's like dude if they have us
indication that they might have Co vid
you can get 13 G's I'd be going dude
that dude was coughing he looks like he
was sniffling and that's the co big
thing so Kovac Kovac Kovac well now
these numbers start piling up and all of
a sudden it's like see I'm just
wondering though is it is it all
coincidental and accidental or is there

42
00:41:00.000 --> 00:42:00.000
some seriously sinister [ __ ]
somewhere doing this on purpose like in
other words it was all a master plan
they knew offering money for Kovac
patients would cause all these people
because those doctors in LA we're
talking which they get deleted all the
time saying hey why are we being
pressured to put kovat they said they're
being pressured to put why oh who was
pressuring them is the question doesn't
it was the hospital owners well then
that would make sense
it's what if it's the politicians what
if it's the government I think that most
people a lot of times and take this with
a grain of salt but I think most
conspiracy theories typically are right
and that's just people attribute they
just they worst case scenario of it I
think the amount of coordination it
would take to make something like this
happen and the level of prediction that
it would take to know all of the human

43
00:42:00.000 --> 00:43:00.000
incentives that are gonna kick in at
every level with this much panic seems
unrealistic but I can I can describe the
current scenario the internet mean and I
can say that it doesn't really make
sense now at least in from where I'm
sitting but you seem vending soon uh
from an economic standpoint no do you
see someone coming out going alright
Frick we were wrong go ahead go back to
work right now you wear masks we're
rolling it out nay's --is they're
worried about the second wave you know
it's all this like dude the governor and
Washington is is like putting together
National Guard to go door-to-door and
test and then and then you got and then
you got governor Newsom in California
he's basically saying well we're gonna
lock down till August here's my question
based on what like when when laws get
made man there has to be a bill
introduced then it has to get passed I
think the Senate or the house then it
goes to the Senate then it goes to the

44
00:43:00.000 --> 00:44:00.000
president before it's a law you remember
the old you know sitting here on Capitol
Hill
remember that cartoon I don't know well
you can google it cuz yeah you're a
young man I'm an old dog but there used
to be an after school cartoon that would
be like there'd be a rolled-up piece of
paper but he had a face maybe like I'm
just a bill sitting here on Capitol Hill
and basically was teaching kids how laws
would became lost okay so who says that
there's a law that you can't go outside
when did it go to this Senate and then
the house and then the President signed
it yeah we're in agreement I think it's
it's ridicu I try I try not to think
about it because I end up just getting
angry and then it doesn't it doesn't
help my it doesn't know my state does
homie opera in my business so I try too
much because it's very fresh because
most entrepreneurs must be we're
listening this our entrepreneurs are
aspiring to be we all seek freedom right
like even more so than general

45
00:44:00.000 --> 00:45:00.000
population right like we're in America
which by its very nature is a more free
country than anywhere else and then on
that cream of the crop the craziest
[ __ ] want the freest freedom
which is our first we want no one tell
us what we have to do well like I still
get bothered have getting told to put a
mask on when I go into public cuz I'm
like guys come on
you did like this is the flow I have to
get into some places like to get
groceries well you don't go get all you
must guys gonna sass $5 to [ __ ]
deliver him so that's out of its the
carts like six days delayed that's
that's out of the question for the homo
I want to talk to Leila and see if she
likes it or hates it
oh she hates it yeah I would to do my
wife would not put up with that [ __ ]
yeah she hates it so but
but I'm a big believer in controlling
things we can't confirm all and so right
now these are the cards that were dealt
I'm gonna just play the hand well here
let me just see if I can help you a
smidge good spend some [ __ ] money

46
00:45:00.000 --> 00:46:00.000
dude you got one car and your wife wants
another one and you're like why do we
need one you don't need one you don't
you can have two more and nothing's
gonna happen you won't lose one ounce of
sleep you won't make less of an impact
nothing's gonna happen except for you
make your wife happy so now okay good
but but 20 grands our limit you guys are
doing 17 here but you know hey go get a
Camry ain't no [ __ ] Mercedes
happening around here she's great cuz
then we can drive it without worrying
about it right it's like somebody tries
to cut me off of my land like you did
you can do that with any car you know I
had a fight of for a date Ferrari and
everyone kept going like dude I can't
believe you park it right there I can't
believe you'd drive it like that I can't
believe you give it to the ballet guy
guess what number one it's insured just
like a [ __ ] Camry number number two
if you own your possessions then they

47
00:46:00.000 --> 00:47:00.000
don't own you but most people buy these
things and then those things actually
end up owning the person yeah because
they won't do that they're worried who
someone might scratch my car would you
care they scratched the [ __ ] Camry
well it's just a Camry it dude it's just
a car it's just a [ __ ] expensive car
but it's still a car rolled up to my
first mass this is like we just started
Jim launched this maybe 90 days later
we're doing it maybe 250 300 a month but
now 250 300 month but like any
information so I'm taking home like 250
or 3 at this point I'm a scratch
millionaire cash millionaire in my bank
account after taxes like it's there and
we roll up in a Prius with a crack in
the windshield on the dent on the side
to the to the mastermind and I swear to
god there's some outside Jews one of our
glides and she said I thought you were
supposed to be like like rich
and I was like I am you should see my
bank account but but at that point was

48
00:47:00.000 --> 00:48:00.000
like we should well if I have any
influence on you which I'm sure I don't
spend some money dude what if you got
hit by a car or something what if you
get Co vid em you said you don't have
any kids so what do you do with your
money
well Leila can then spend it on whatever
she wants what if you die together if we
die together than my dad can spend on
whatever he wants
why don't you type tight - oh whatever
so let's go back to the did the drama
and the conspiracy just for a minute so
step one the whole plan was to flatten
the curve
man we can't overwhelm our our hospitals
because if we do man we're all gonna die
because we won't have enough beds okay
so that's already been accomplished we
flattened the curve why are they not
letting us get back out there I think

49
00:48:00.000 --> 00:49:00.000
your transition to politics at that
point so that's mine that's just just
what I would observe is like what's the
money where's the motive but he thinks a
fault Democrats or Republicans well I
think that the Democrats would have the
most to gain from taking the economy
because the only way that Trump would
get unelected is if they can attack that
I mean that makes sense to me so I some
level it's like well maybe we hold out
if we can take the country till then
there's also some state state incentives
right like California is so so bankrupt
as a state right that maybe if they
further take their economy they can
blame it on covet and then they can get
a bailout from the federal government
federal government and then balance
their budget that's exactly what's
happening right that that would make
sense to me as an incentive no horrible
does that mistreat everyone in your
state absolutely you're the first one
that I've talked to you that actually
you know identifies with that I've said
that three times that these states that

50
00:49:00.000 --> 00:50:00.000
are that are seemingly being more
restricted than the rest all seem to be
the states that were financially not
doing as well as the rest
and when you think they'll give 13,000
for a dead body I mean or a kovat
patient 39,000 if you put them on a
ventilator how much are they paying if
you [ __ ] tank your whole States
economy like they'll just bail you out
right so just money I mean it's not it's
not backed by anything so the Fed can
just I mean they can write a check to
whoever if they want to
well that's poor leadership poor
leadership I think that's horrible but
we're kind of witnessing it so again I
try not to it's what can I control I can
control how much we can market how much
we can so if we needs all the problems I
guess that's what we can do for now if I
was in California I feel really bad
because you know most small businesses
can't can't sustain for six months you
know because they're they're closed
through August right through August
average small business owners 21 days of
cash I mean wouldn't you move if you

51
00:50:00.000 --> 00:51:00.000
live there I already did move away I
usually did for taxes yeah yeah anybody
would see that's my point like anybody
that's smart like even semi smart would
not live there just because of
stupid-ass taxes now you introduced the
this strict kovat [ __ ] dude I'd be
so fast out of SoCal it'd be over with
like I'd already be moving many or no
money I'd be out I'd be out yeah what
what's scaring me is that that I don't
see in nee you know leadership if that's
what you want to call it stopping it
like I think if I were Trump I'd tell
Newsom hey Newsom okay stop anymore
anyone that did this I'd be like dude
Nash and we're taking over feds are
taking over this is leadership all 50
states are gonna listen to me right now
boom do you have no more independence
right now we're 50 and we're gonna act
as one here's the leadership I'd get rid

52
00:51:00.000 --> 00:52:00.000
of foul Chi cuz he's a freakin scare
tactic son of a [ __ ] that has ties dick
meets and all that and then I just
frickin tell people listen there's a
virus it can kill old people with
comorbidities the data is this now make
up your own mind because this is a free
country if you want to open your
restaurant and somebody wants to come in
and eat at that restaurant then Furyk
and you both are adults have at it okay
if you're
Gared stay home the last thing I want to
talk about if you don't have unprotected
sex and you're in HIV hot zone you
should know it's an HIV on so probably
don't do that in sub-saharan Africa yeah
yeah and why aren't that shutting down
the world for that so my question last
question when it comes to this Kovacic
cuz I want to get back to the to the
marketing I want to pick the brain real
quick on marketing we're almost out of
time but I want to pick it a little
farther but what about masks yeah I
don't know I'm fairly sure from the what

53
00:52:00.000 --> 00:53:00.000
I have heard a the masks that are being
required
I'm not saying masks don't work in
general but the masks that are being
required are not the ones that work and
so and if I pull my shirt off I put a
bandana on my face right to go to the
supermarket like what am i what am i and
then some people wearing gloves some
people not wearing gloves most people
don't even know how to put a mask on
right they put it on their head they put
on their forehead they touch their face
again it does like it doesn't it doesn't
do the preventive measure what I would
argue for masks is that it makes people
aware of germs while they're wearing it
not it doesn't actually have any
functional thing but psychologically
people are wearing it and they're gonna
be more cognizant of germs in general
that would be not what about hypoxia
what about breathing in your own carbon
monoxide I don't know how but I mean I
think there's a lot of workers every day
that that breathe through masks painters
nurses surgeons who are in in certain
you know in surgery all day I think they
they do okay that's where I would look
if I was there full data you say oh okay

54
00:53:00.000 --> 00:54:00.000
so you know this is why I asked you
because dude I knew I'd get intelligent
common-sense logical data-driven answers
serious like do you I can ask some
people they get all emotional and [ __ ]
like [ __ ] down they're trying to control
us all you know and I'm one of them a
little bit like I'm getting pissed with
this mass [ __ ] okay [ __ ] your mask okay
I don't want to wear a goddamn mask
period okay now again if I had Kovan and
and and and it prevented people from
getting it of course I would wear a mask
voluntarily but number one I have Cove
it and then they're like well how do you
know there's people with kovat
that are asymptomatic and I said how the
[ __ ] do you you know that there's people
with kovin with asymptomatic or they're
asymptomatic guess what the news said it
exactly you [ __ ] nut you ain't out there
performing [ __ ] tests and verifying
people have coded but they've got no
symptoms this is this is this is crazy
this guy is testing positive for Kovac

55
00:54:00.000 --> 00:55:00.000
but yet he has no symptoms this [ __ ] can
be asymptomatic who says that I'll bet
you 50 [ __ ] bucks that's [ __ ] if
you ask me like like dude have the flu
asymptomatic dude if you got the flu you
got some [ __ ] symptoms okay period
now they're saying kovat is asymptomatic
no no that so they can claim things
that's what I believe because again how
do you know if someone has kovat you
took a test okay
what's that test testing for how do we
know that test is even testing for kovin
that's a that's a whole nother I would
say there's two there's two points that
I would have delineate Adhan what you
were just saying the we talked about how
we're marking deaths another part of
India quality is how are we marking
positives right in terms of cases so now
this is this is a hundred percent
anecdotal so this is me speaking off
conjecture but my closest my closest
friend is a PhD biochemist and he was
explaining to me that you know corona

56
00:55:00.000 --> 00:56:00.000
rice is a family of viruses and it's not
just coded 19 it's and the test that
they have right now are testing this was
from my understanding when he said it
test for a certain protein but that that
belongs to the whole family
and so it's not just that one that
they've isolated it's just the whole
thing and then that automatically makes
the tests kind of invalid and they're
not right so then then you have false
positives or you know whatever that that
so it's like both both data sources that
were using to make the decisions if you
were actually making this as a CEO if
you're making decisions about your
business and your sales people got
commissions for marketing people as
showed up for their appointment but not
closed all of a sudden you'd have so
many show ups that be showing up to what
we didn't close them right well I just
marked it they showed up right I still
get paid if they show up right and so
you know I mean that's kind of the the
teeter-totter there
the second piece was what you were
saying about the asymptomatic I actually
see it in a different light with
asymptomatic I think that a ton of
people have already had it

57
00:56:00.000 --> 00:57:00.000
they just didn't show anything which
then means that we have a lot more herd
immunity that's already been encountered
because big picture with germs in my
opinion if there were something we'd all
be [ __ ] like that's just like that's
my actual belief because the amount of
times we touch things touch her face we
get boxes in the mail where someone
drops them off they've hand the driver
touches the wheel like there's too many
times like and what do they do they keep
their glove on they touch their face or
they touch their cellphone they take
their glove off and they touch their
phone again it doesn't gonna be like
there's too many ways there's too many
ways to spread germs that a glove and a
mask is gonna prevent it maybe you could
say it cuts down on it but the
transmission in my opinion would still
happen either way so I think a lot more
people have been exposed to it then then
would otherwise and they were they got
it they have an immune system immune
system reacted created any bodies and
they didn't need to show anything maybe
they were short of breath for a little
bit but they barely noticed it and then
all of a sudden you might have 20 times
the amount of people who have gotten it
compared to whether they're even saying
even the inflated numbers because that's

58
00:57:00.000 --> 00:58:00.000
a separate issue the testing but if 20
times even super ten times the amount of
people already had it then half the
countries already had it and just
nothing happened right
so I think there's there's some layers
to it big picture we've we've dealt with
the flu our whole [ __ ] lives like
whatever so sorry that's just that's my
two cents on both those two things mmm
intelligent data-driven answers thank
you mr. horn mosey now let's get back to
some some marketing discussion to wrap
this up I want to know if I'm a business
out there a business owner regardless of
what business I'm in if I had to follow
in the footsteps of Alex Harr mozi
horror mozi should i am i pronouncing
that right hor nosy so so so so if I
followed in the footsteps of Alex or
mozi and and said [ __ ] it I need to
learn how to market first

59
00:58:00.000 --> 00:59:00.000
that'd be a wise step for every
entrepreneur on earth to learn it
themselves rather than rely on someone
else yes even if it costs money even if
they don't have the money even if they
got to go to spend some of that
hard-earned capital that they don't have
believe that you cannot be broke and
have time you got a pick one right you
either have time and no money you've got
money in no time you can't have neither
right cuz if you're broke you can always
trade more time four dollars can always
do that as as I've level up as an
entrepreneur I've always had a plan B
that was a hundred thousand dollars a
year even with zero so when I had my
Jim's my plan B was I'd drive over
during the day night strip at night that
was a hundred percent my plan B if this
fail that's what my plan B was I'd make
150 grand a year doing that I make 75 as
an uber driver working 12 and then I
probably make another 75 maybe a hundred
stripping at night I don't care zero
like I have no shame in that stuff like
that is that's how I operate and so if

60
00:59:00.000 --> 01:00:00.000
any one observers aguado don't want to
strip with my no that's like cool then
get another job whatever you can drop
shifts you can go ecommerce like there's
a million things you can do but the
point is if you work for 16 hours a day
like you will have enough money to buy
the things that you want to level up
your skill set with your investment in
my opinion I think you should be
consistently investing in skills until
you can't even find somewhere to put the
money to invest in more skills and so I
had a talk that I gave a while ago where
I got what I was like unless you're
making $100,000 a month take home at
that point is maybe when I would maybe
consider not spending as much on it but
still like you just it's just hard to
spend $100,000 a month in education to
me that's what they like but if I see
something I buy it instantly and when it
was in the beginning of my career it
might have been half of my paycheck
or a hundred percent of my paycheck was
going towards learning how to market
learning how to sell because everything
at least for me is sequential so you

61
01:00:00.000 --> 01:01:00.000
have to solve your first problem I don't
have customers but I need to learn how
to get demand I need to generate them in
and then you're like well [ __ ] how do I
get them to show up for these
appointments and then you learn how to
nurture leads and then shoot these
people are shopping for their
appointments I don't know
that you were gonna sell and then you're
like well [ __ ] what am i selling
obviously you should have some idea what
you're selling before you start but
typically you can sell services you can
sell information or services both of
cost zero money to start and I think
that those are the best businesses to
start where people are starting out
because they don't require capital get
going this requires knowledge and
knowledge is easy to attain and a lot of
knowledge you can get for very little
money you can go on udemy you can go on
YouTube and you can Google right now how
to run Facebook Ads it's not Google how
to run Facebook Ads you'll learn how to
run Facebook how to build a landing page
just learn how though was that would you
learn well is there free how to run
Facebook Ads the even witness that are
like dude that is how you do it a great
question because you when you're
starting you don't have the perspective
from which to make a judgment on what is
good and what is bad yes I can identify

62
01:01:00.000 --> 01:02:00.000
what a good facebook ad trading would be
on YouTube but somebody who's starting
may not so what's the solution you can
ask you know you got to start right or
just ask you what's a good one what's a
good one oh I think if you look at Jon
Loomer he's got great stuff you look at
Justin Brook he's phenomenal at traffic
in general you look at John Belcher Jo
Anne Belcher
he's got great stuff on traffic I mean
if you if you look for it they're there
you know like but everybody everybody
says all those are all scams those
[ __ ] online courses are all ripoffs
well they're not you took Spanish in
high school do you speak Spanish is
Spanish a ripoff no right you just
weren't good at it okay now that being
said sure there are people weren't so my
belief is that most people are not
intrinsically bad I don't think people
have bad intentions there are some
people who are better at teaching than
others now or 100 percent give you that
there's some courses that don't do a
good job at teaching the thing that's
usually not the intention of the person
it's probably an earlier on

63
01:02:00.000 --> 01:03:00.000
entrepreneurs it's not as good as being
real and so I think that the best way to
do this if I'm looking at where am I
gonna if I'm starting out where am I
gonna invest my my money I'm gonna look
at the most proven business the one that
has the most reviews the most five stars
whatever I'm gonna look at that business
and I'm gonna say okay this many people
got results of this there must be enough
here that if I work it it will work
right
reviews that I probably wouldn't load
there they've got to they like if you
get on the phone with something like
well I've got two customers you know
maybe because you have the option you
can go to someone who's got a hundred
you can go to someone who's got 500 so
go to the people who already have proven
it out and and go now one of the hacks
that I've had in my life
is that what I really want to acquire a
skill I pay for one-on-one training so I
got this is earlier on this is when I
had my gyms I learned enough about
Facebook cats too I learned enough to be
dangerous but not enough to be like an
expert I just you know I learned enough
to get the job done but I knew that I
needed to level up my skill set so I

64
01:03:00.000 --> 01:04:00.000
want I talked I walked around I asked
people I said who the best guys and one
guy came up so I caught him I said hey
man like I need to learn Facebook and
he's like why don't he's like I've got a
course and I was like no I don't want to
go through your course I want to I want
you to teach me how to run these ads for
my gym the way you would run them and he
was like why don't do that I'm like it's
America everyone's got a price what is
it right what would it would it take for
you to one-on-one with me he said 750 a
week and I said done like why didn't you
just say that right and so one of the
big beliefs that I have given in the gym
space is you should always have a one on
one price because someone is willing to
pay right and make it a price that you'd
be actually happy to say yes to like I
still solve personal training services
for 500,000 an hour oh you want to come
to my house I'll trade you half a mile
an hour all day long I'll do it no
problem right I have that price most
people are willing to do that because
there's an alternative solution that's
just about as good for probably 100
thousands of that but the point remains
that if you can you'll much more rapidly

65
01:04:00.000 --> 01:05:00.000
learn and that person in a one-on-one
setting will be forced to cater the
context of the content to what you are
looking for and so I was like I don't
want to general I was like I want you to
teach me how you would run my ads for my
gym and then he shouldn't it was like
now I know how to do this stuff and then
we see in the gym business no he was
just a trafficker and so it only what if
I called him and I said I want you to
teach me well not me my guy eats my guy
how to run Lightspeed ads yeah I do that
all the time for my team
so for my traffic guy I have two guys
that I pay 101 consulting fees for to
teach him and
he already knows any course that you
want I will buy it for you here's the
contingencies you have to go through it
you have to take notes and you have to
tell me exactly how we're gonna use it
and then you got to show me once you did
otherwise I won't buy you another one
and he's been doing that every time and
that's why I've got one of the best
traffic gosselin planet no one even
knows who he is it's okay
because he's not well that's because we

66
01:05:00.000 --> 01:06:00.000
invested in him because what better use
same thing with the sales guys you want
a sales training you want it I'll give
it to you you got to go through it you
got to show me how you're gonna change
the scripting up and you got to show me
how you've been implementing it or
you're not gonna know if somebody's
listening to this this man I can't
afford these courses what's V in your
mind the best marketing book to start
with I actually think that dot-com
secrets
Russell's book is a really good starting
place it's not gonna teach you how to
run hands because like okay so for
people who are starting out the
fundamental problem with everyone
starting out is that they're thinking
that there's one question they can ask
that's gonna make some money and that's
not the truth because there's not one
skill that will make you money like
learning how to market like we're saying
like Brad and I are saying is not one
skill it's learning how to write
headlines it's learning how to write
copy it's learning how to make creative
learning how to make videos learn how to

67
01:06:00.000 --> 01:07:00.000
make landing pages that convert learning
how to build an opt-in page learning how
to build a text and follow-up sequence
like those are all fitt learning how to
link all those together learn how to to
place the ad on a traffic platform
learning the different nuances between
Facebook and Instagram and YouTube and
Twitter and whatever tick tock who cares
right so there's there's a lot of many
skills that encompass marketing and
that's why guys we're starting out or
like matter
I bought this course on copywriting any
make any more money it was like well
yeah you don't know how to place a net
you don't how to build any pitch
you don't I make an offer you don't have
a stack value you don't know you don't
have that right you have to have all
those things and unfortunately people
who are starting out mistake making zero
dollars is a lack of progress but the
reality is that you have a lot of steps
that are underground that you have to
step up below ground zero the moment you
make your first dollar that goes in for
the bridge from you marketing and

68
01:07:00.000 --> 01:08:00.000
selling the second dollar comes right
afterwards it's not as hard to go from
dollar zero to dollar one is it from
dollar one dollars to like it's just
getting the first dollar across the
bridge that's the hard part and building
the bridge has a lot of bricks dude
smart smart man Alex [ __ ] mozi folks if
you guys want to follow him at [ __ ]
mozi hor mo z i on instagram alex dot
hormone z on facebook twitter your gym
lunch and if I were you guys I'd go
especially if you're in the gym business
but listen you can learn a lot even if
it's not a gym business you're in I'd go
get his book you buy that at Alex's book
calm Alex's podcast calm you'd be
hearing all kinds of [ __ ] like this on a
regular basis and the meals dude
prestige meals or prestige labs started
this done for you meals dot-com or
Alex's meals calm dude if you go there

69
01:08:00.000 --> 01:09:00.000
and you you know order meals basically
in my mind every gym on earth should
have [ __ ] meals why well because
that's don't they say like 80% of it is
how you eat so so why are you going to
the gym every day six days a week then
going home trying to figure out how to
eat healthy went for a chump change
amount of money you buy the meals too so
that's that's the last thing I want to
talk about dude those meals what what
like I don't know how you seal them but
when they show up and they're all
freakin easiest [ __ ] it tells you
exactly the frickin micros and the
macros and you pop it in a microwave for
two minutes and thirty seconds four
minutes if it's frozen and you got some
freaking good ass nutritious meals
instant why wouldn't everybody on earth
do that so most people don't think
rationally if you make more than forty
thousand dollars a year it makes no
economic sense for you to take the time

70
01:09:00.000 --> 01:10:00.000
to grocery shop bring it in put the put
the things in the in the cabinet
preparing
food cyber journey chop it up bake it
guerrilla eat the foods and clean it
like all of that average u.s. American
woman spends ten hours a week just
preparing and cleaning food they spend
three hours a week on average going to
and from the grocery store and shopping
for groceries 2.7 but spends so you're
talking you're talking 12 hours a week
and that doesn't include eating the
third right twelve hours a week so
you're talking 40 hours a month right
that you're spending you're spending an
entire workweek every month I don't want
you make per hour but if you're like man
I don't have time like well there's 48
hours for you my gift to you that that
you can save that you can have all that
time back to learn all the skills that
you say you don't have and then you have
to look at is the opportunity cost of
the time right like true BRR well the
uber is actually picking back up but
there's a million things you can do in
50 hours a week to afford all of the the

71
01:10:00.000 --> 01:11:00.000
courses and things that you want and you
should start with books books are
phenomenal they cost nothing
right like books are cheap you can buy
books the only stuff that's a little
more difficult is like I would say the
only thing that has to really be
consistently relevant is traffic that
that stuff changes constantly the
interface changes but like everything
else how to sell is evergreen once you
learn how to sell never changes learning
how to market the theory behind it
making an offer
headlines writing copy that does not
change right so once you learn all those
skills there's only one thing that you
need that's relevant and again you can
look on YouTube and you should be able
to see if this guy's got five hundred
thousand you know subscribers on YouTube
and he's a traffic guy he's probably
pretty good right if the guy has like
nine hundred it's about traffic right if
you knew how to get traffic you'd
probably be pretty good at it's like the
marketers who like I've got I've got
would-be gurus who try who try to attack
us and I'm like why do you think we're a
hundred times bigger than these guys
like well maybe they're not as good at

72
01:11:00.000 --> 01:12:00.000
marketing as we are but aren't they
supposed to be selling you marketing
right so like it's kind of a losing
proposition like the only way that you
can beat us is to be bigger than us but
you're not so sorry that's not an area
but that wasn't the point anyways for
everyone who's listening you can learn
all this stuff on a dime if you just do
it
[Music]
Alex you too man I appreciate you
spending time we went over my allotted
time I appreciate that hopefully you'll
look in that email go check that hit me
up and let me know how that worked out
cuz dude I got to figure out something I
got to figure out some secret sauce
where Lightspeed's got the secret sauce
and then dude like I said I'm not greedy
I'll cut you in you come you come figure
out how to frickin sell it I'm just
starting I'm just starting to do it you
did now again everybody's got their own
way of doing things there's more than
one way to skin a cat but if I were you
guys listening I'd probably follow the
way Alex subscribing cuz I did it the

73
01:12:00.000 --> 01:13:00.000
backwards way I freaking I learned sales
I can clothes anybody on anything and I
think the reason I'm successful is
because I closed a lot of people on a
lot of things right so so if I would
have learned to market first I think I
would be a lot farther ahead the reason
why is I sold everyone a license and let
them figure out how to market it and I
would just sit back and cheerlead and be
impressed and oh good job Wow how'd you
do that oh [ __ ] that's fabulous you know
give me my piece thank you well we're
going next but but the problem is when
those people started getting big because
the ones that figure out marketing
always do right when they started
getting big they're like why the [ __ ] am
i cutting you such a big check and I'm
like what are you talking about I'm the
one that started this whole thing I'm
the one that told you to do it
they're like yep but we're the ones
doing it and and and now I can kind of
just you know figure out some other way
to deliver what you've been delivering
and I'm thinking dude this is [ __ ]
this is unfair so I had to get forced

74
01:13:00.000 --> 01:14:00.000
into saying okay
so now I gotta go learn my own marketing
and maybe I'll come back and kick you in
the dick really wait i frickin bye bye
bye bye you know basically coming after
you now I'm starting to learn marketing
and I'm starting to see
oh [ __ ] and everything you just said I
think folks if you're listening one of
the main things he said is marketing is
a huge word dude it's copy like people
say you know just get a click funnel and
you make millions no that's that's how
Russell and I and I am nothing a
rustle or click funnel sweet I think we
use it but a clickfunnels not all you
need your not one funnel away okay your
one funnel one headline one copywriter
one product one pricing one targeting
one placing folks if you don't place the
right ad the right way you're beautiful
headline and copy doesn't do [ __ ] and
vice versa so that whole thing you said
of all those things that are necessary
to technically do good marketing is a

75
01:14:00.000 --> 01:15:00.000
lot and it's good because it means that
the rest of the market is gonna stay
broke and if you do achieve it there's
just unbelievable amounts of gold on the
other side of the rainbow automate gold
automated dude like like close your
school I'm not doing it I hired someone
to do it but dude I'm doing 10 15
thousand dollars a week I'm spending
eight hundred and seventy five dollars a
day I haven't scaled it I just threw out
there I do it as an example so when
people come here they're like oh my
speed didn't work I'm like dude look
it's four hours of training I put it in
the system I advertise it we're doing 15
10 15 grand a week
okay net by the way so it is so so it
does work but the automated money makes
me think do why am I not filling up
closer school why am I not take it than
that more seriously why don't I scale
that up like that's crazy I don't do
anything
I love automated money I mean one thing

76
01:15:00.000 --> 01:16:00.000
for everybody who's starting out tours
who's really like just getting new sales
and demand gen those two skills alone
will feed you for the rest of your life
like you can you can you will never go
you'll never go hungry and the this in
my opinion the way that you can make
your get much better at marketing much
faster or at least make money online
much faster is connecting a phone to a
funnel alright it's much more difficult
takes much more split testing way more
savvy and skill to get someone to take
their credit card out and buy something
from you then it does to get them to
give your name phone number and email
address alright and so I mean and right
now there's products on Facebook that
you just do a lead ad which they don't
even have to build a page you just run
the end they double click on their thumb
and they
you automatically get the name of the
leader and what do you do you call them
up and say hey so-and-so you're from the
internet what's up what made you click
on the ad right and then Brad's probably
giving you every content into the stuff
router close someone so it's you're not
that far away
I would I would try and simplify this
whole thing is like if you can just get

77
01:16:00.000 --> 01:17:00.000
someone to give you their name phone
number email address and say I would
like more information on this problem
you can sell them right and then you
just have to learn a very simple script
sales over the phone is a skill that you
can learn in weeks it's not asked it's
takes years to perfect it but you can
get you can get proficient in a matter
of weeks with reps so I just just to not
to reverse what I said about
disincentivizing you it's there's a very
little amount that you just have to do
to get that first dollar just get them
on the phone and then close them I still
to this day don't sell anything through
it through a funnel we I guess I I'm a
sales guy first and I learned how to
market because I went to that conference
then I've kind of continued to level up
I still think I'm better at sales and
I'm at marketing but I just always want
to meet some of this as soon in the
funnel as I can because I know how to
drill a sales team I know how to build
sales scripts I know how to get them to
close and usually you can get 10 times
20 times as much money attaching a phone
to a funnel than you can trying to get
someone to buy something through a

78
01:17:00.000 --> 01:18:00.000
funnel and so it also allows you a lot
more safety net for sucking at marketing
but I like I don't think the market that
we have is the best out there
we just make more than everyone else
does per customer and that allows us to
outbid everyone so the differentiator
yeah and your price has to kind of stay
low if you want it if you expect to be
without touching and talking to you can
instantly four or five extra prices over
the phone if you have someone saw
instantly no matter what the product is
folks you heard it Alex I appreciate it
next time you're in town make sure you
come by I want to do alive I know the
sound on these are not as good but man I
knew I had one opportunity to get Alex
on the horn so I said [ __ ] it we're
doing a zoom this was a lot of fun
thanks for having me I appreciate
hopefully I guarantee you they did dude
listen share this out with all your
friends and family
follow Alex and always keep it real
[Music]

