https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukLdbcsBCWM&ab_channel=EdMylett

1
00:00:00.000 --> 00:01:00.000
what got you to you know one or three
million is not necessarily what gets you
to 10 million and 30 million because in
the beginning you need to sell something
to someone where people make the mistake
is that they get this positive
reinforcement from the fact that they
market and sold and think i need to do
more of that and i'm going to say yes
you will but just not at this moment
because at this point is actually a
pause point and the goal is not to even
necessarily make tons of profit at this
point the goal is to fix the product
such that you start to generate a
significant amount of business from
referrals until that occurs there's no
point in adding more gas to the
acquisition engine because you're
basically just setting yourself up for
failure at a later point that will then
reach a point of equilibrium where the
only way to grow is to sell more people
and at some point you will run out of
people to sell depending on the niche
that you're going after
[Music]
all right welcome back to the show
everybody i have been looking forward to
this interview for a few weeks um mutual
friends of ours that turned me on to
alex
said you need to get with this young man
and get him on your show and then when i
dove into his content and his work i was

2
00:01:00.000 --> 00:02:00.000
blown away
he is brilliant i don't say that very
often introduce people i think he's
probably got one of the highest iqs of
anybody i've ever had on the show and
his content as it relates to personal
success and particularly
entrepreneurship
is very unique very special very
detailed and i wish we had three hours
today like other podcasts have because
we could we could use that entire three
hours and still have a bunch of time and
stuff left over so he is the host of the
game with alex hermosie on all these
different platforms he's a serial
entrepreneur by the way he's built brick
and mortar businesses virtual businesses
he's written incredible books he's got
another one coming out so alex ramosi
welcome to the show
thank you so much for the introduction i
will do my very best to live up to it
better live up to it
the fact i was so impressed with him i
got into all of his content and then i
said can you be here next week like one
week from now and he goes yep i'm there
and then he looked i think was your
anniversary or something so i gave him a
reprieve for a couple weeks and now he's
here today you guys this is like you're
on the treadmill you're going to start
running faster than you normally run and
you're going to want to get to a notepad

3
00:02:00.000 --> 00:03:00.000
too so here we go let's just dive into
all your stuff we're going to go all
over the place you have this really
unique definition of even what
opportunity is in and of itself that
i've never heard before so how would you
define like just the term and the the
the concept of opportunity so it was
something that i was analyzing a lot
because we get lots of entrepreneurs who
are like hey what should i do with my
life etc and when i look at how
my income has increased you know
throughout my career a lot of times it
wasn't a function of the work ethic in
the beginning you have to work right but
then the next
big lever on that is the opportunity and
so if you think about any kind of output
in a system as volume times leverage
equals output um the work has to start
so you have to have something to
multiply which is the effort and then
the next is uh is that leverage and so
within the context of a business i tried
to define it for myself which was
how many potential units of the product
can i sell
and then what is the gross margin
potential of the product that i'm trying

4
00:03:00.000 --> 00:04:00.000
to sell
and then what are the competitive
dynamics within the marketplace
and so an example of
something that has two of the three and
not necessarily all three would be like
uh if i want to get into
telecommunications so i said okay i hate
that i have no service like i want to
solve this problem
and so i'd say well everybody needs
phone stuff so huge huge potential
market
uh the gross margins on an additional
user is almost 100 so okay really
attractive but then what are the
competitive dynamics oh i would have a
really hard time entering into this
marketplace because it's super capital
intensive et cetera and it's like okay
so maybe the opportunity in now we
rewind the clock yeah
50 60 years or 80 years and that was the
opportunity right because you had all
three of the dynamics but then you look
at newer things like crypto you look at
you know the cannabis industry which is
still nascent um and those were a lot of
people smoke weed or want to you know be
involved in that industry or participate
in consuming it right
there's there's great margins especially
if you're vertically integrated with

5
00:04:00.000 --> 00:05:00.000
within the space um and the competitive
dynamics are still
like you can still be a new entrant and
have a huge amount of market share as
it's continuing to grow faster than the
rest of the marketplace as well so
there's a fast-growing market that's
growing faster so if you just stayed the
same as the market you're still going to
outpace anybody else really good and
there's fewer people taking it up and so
it's like you have two two competitive
dynamic kind of like trail winds behind
you and so when i looked at um like we
exited our three companies last year i
was like okay
i want to be really really selective
about what opportunity we pursue because
i know that you know warren buffet's
like one of my big heroes and he talks
about how it's much more about not not
about how hard you row but about what
boat you're in yeah um and he tells a
story about how he had a companion who
was basically the same as him and they
both split off from colombia and he
became warren buffett the other guy just
had a normal career in the steel
business
different opportunity and so i think
being selected about the opportunities
we pursue is probably the greatest

6
00:05:00.000 --> 00:06:00.000
leverage point you have on your career
what if you're in the middle of one so
this is a really interesting topic i was
thinking about driving in here today i
want to ask you some of the stuff like
your take on it and by the way our take
is very similar
but i think this is an interesting time
where perhaps you should be evaluating
your boat
people just keep rowing yeah they like
just keep rowing because you're so far
in you're like i'm 70 percent of the way
down the road here i'll just row harder
but i'm wondering about looking at that
boat
two things on it one should someone
that's really laser focused should they
even look up and evaluate the boat and
two what about these times you spoke
about buffett you had this great talk a
few weeks ago about inflation
and about maybe what your boat should or
shouldn't look like in high inflationary
times which we're clearly in now so does
inflation impact any of what you've
described in terms of evaluating the
boat or what you do with it
um i would say two components so first
would be someone's timeline and so if
they're like five years from retirement
it doesn't really make sense you should
eke out the compounding returns you have
of the 30 years that you put into
whatever it is
um or not should that would be you know

7
00:06:00.000 --> 00:07:00.000
if i were in that and that's what i
would do um if you can think in longer
cycles and you have
one two entrepreneurial cycles left then
you get the opportunity cost starts to
really weigh in
we're like okay well i might not make as
much next year but three years from now
i could be making five times as much am
i willing to give up two years of
earning to make five times more three
years from now and then set myself up
for the rest of that time
the younger you are in my opinion the
more you should be taking those types of
bets
and then within an inflationary period
this is you know uncle warren speaking
but uh you want to have things that are
have low capital expenses so you don't
need to add new equipment new facilities
in order to expand whatever business
you're in
and then you want it to be things um
that produce lots of cash flow um and so
if you have something that's high cash
flow and has low capital expenses when
you're growing in an inflationary period
you can adjust the prices very easily
and when you make those adjustments it
drops straight to bottom line rather
than having to then go back buy more
equipment which now has eaten up that
additional cash flow yeah
see i totally agree with you by the way
this idea right now of you know

8
00:07:00.000 --> 00:08:00.000
scalability which we're going to talk
about in a minute too by the way when he
says young people when you're listening
to this man speak he's 32 years old
and so there's two things about you one
your brain is really big and two you
have a wisdom far beyond your years my
sense is that that has a little bit to
do with your relationship with your dad
which we might get into later and the
other is just vast amount of experiences
you've crammed into basically your 10
years or so post-college right
one of the things you've been pretty
good at doing though is using leverage
and leverage to most people typically
means uh borrowing money from other
people but you define leverage freaking
brilliantly so talk a little bit about
what real leverage is and the way you
define it so leverage is the difference
between the inputs and outputs in a
system it's the discrepancy between what
you put in and what you get out so if i
have a lot of leverage then it means if
i put a little bit in i get a lot out
five low leverage i have to put a lot in
to get a little bit out if i'm working
at a froyo shop i have to put a lot of
time in to get a very little amount of
money so i have very low leverage if i

9
00:08:00.000 --> 00:09:00.000
um
if i
do put a deal together right and i make
a couple phone calls and then that deal
yields me 10 million dollars from
connecting parties and then maybe
underwriting something all of a sudden
that's a lot of leverage so i put a very
little amount of time in i get a lot of
money and so
the idea of of using more leverages
looking at what my inputs and my outputs
are and figuring out how i can create
bigger and bigger discrepancies between
those are there different types of
leverage other than just money yes
which are so um
anything that increases your output okay
without
per unit of effort is leveraged
and so that can happen in the physical
space so like a literal lever is
increases your leverage if i take this
we take this podcast and you put it on
youtube that was leverage because we put
the same input in but then we get more
output if i have a cold calling system
and i'm able to now dial 10 phone
numbers
per minute because i have a dialer
that's doing outbound i have more
leverage per unit time if i um

10
00:09:00.000 --> 00:10:00.000
take
a form of media and then i transcribe it
and then i also make an audio version
that is
leverage so all of those are different
versions of just getting more out for
what you put in hard question so i uh
let's let's let's dig deep i'm an
entrepreneur and i'm listening to this
doesn't matter i can be self-employed i
sell life insurance i'm a mortgage
broker i'm in real estate i've got
a cannabis business i got six people
working for me and i now kind of get
from listening to this dude and
listening to ed regularly like this idea
of leverage is what successful and
wealthy people do right they do it
better than other people this is a
really big deal everybody listening to
this right now
they do this better than you they
understand the concept of this better
than you and to the extent that you can
understand it and most importantly apply
it is where you make a shift so it's a
hard question because you've answered it
but i want to push you harder on this if
i have any type of business right now
and i've evaluated the concept that
you've described here how do i apply it
what do i look at
in terms of buttons i could push to get

11
00:10:00.000 --> 00:11:00.000
more leverage yeah so naval robocon does
a really good job of defining his four
types of leverage now within those i
described a lot of different leverage
around one which is media right but you
have leverage around labor which is you
buy other people's time so that is a
first version of leverage so is there
something that i'm currently doing that
i can pay someone else to do to gain
time back and then use the access time i
have to make up the difference so if i
can pay someone 10 an hour and i know
that i can make 50 an hour on the phone
selling then i can pay somebody to do
any of my tasks for 10 and then i make
up the time selling stay on that
uh brilliant we're gonna go the other
three just stay on that this is
something i struggled with young i don't
know if you did when i was young i
didn't have a lot of capital i used to
think no i'll just i will do these
things because i can't afford the
expenditure right now were you ever that
way when you were young in business
totally i just held on
because i'm like i i had this scarcity
idea that this may be the two thousand
dollars a month that keeps me in
business yet it was the very thing that
kept me in the small business that i had
i think there i mean
you got to work double time i have

12
00:11:00.000 --> 00:12:00.000
there's no real sexy answer that i have
for that which is just like you have to
work the normal amount you would to make
your money and then you have to make
enough then you work again to make
someone else's money and that's in the
beginning so it's like i'm making my job
and i'm making someone else's job so
that i can buy that time that i used to
work to pay someone else very good to
then make more money in that period of
time really good and the big thing that
i think a lot of guys because i on the
flip side of the entrepreneur's space
the influencer or whatever space people
are always talking about buying your
time back but they don't talk about what
you do with the time you bought back so
if you just buy your time back and don't
do anything
you're going to make less money like
just want to be clear but um because i
had an entrepreneur who was talking he
was like i bought all my time back he's
like but i'm really not making it i was
like you're not doing anything like you
still need to work you just got to now
work on higher leverage opportunities
more dollars per time so in that that
input is my time my output is my money
so it's a higher leverage varying my
time what are the other three so you got
labor which is the which is the most
operationally complex and heavy of the
of the types of leverage the next one is
capital if you can raise money leverage
other people that's the one that you
know the mortgage brokers that are more
familiar with real estate guys um
because if i don't have to put any money

13
00:12:00.000 --> 00:13:00.000
up and i can buy something and then i
can sell it for more money then i get to
make the
the difference between those two things
and i used it on some on basically
someone else took the time to earn the
money and then they just gave me that
time if you think of money as a tradable
unit of time um that i got to borrow and
then make the difference on something
the third
one and i think three and four kind of
go hand in hand
but it's you've got software sure code
and then media
so code is just you know you write code
and it it takes you one time investment
to get the thing to do something and
then every additional time so the input
was the time i took to build once and
then every additional person who uses
the software and gets a benefit from it
i get almost no incremental cost and so
that's leverage and then with the the
media side we you know said it earlier
if it takes the amount of time for us to
make this one podcast if one person
listens to this or million people listen
to this it's the same amount of effort
yeah
i told you guys when i introduced them
that there'd be stuff you've not heard
before so and it is there's another type
of leverage
and i really related to this i'm i'm 20

14
00:13:00.000 --> 00:14:00.000
years further down the road than you on
some of these things i very much relate
to some of the things you talk about
obviously you have this relationship
with your dad maybe we'll go there but
that you were you know just trying to
prove him wrong all the time but you
said something in one of your quotes you
said
i found out later that i was constantly
trying to prove a fictitious person
wrong
meaning the type of leverage that i got
on myself when i was young i'm gonna
prove them wrong i'm gonna prove them
wrong it was like this
i mean i think the best way to describe
me as an early entrepreneur was a little
bit angry
and i i leveraged intensity yeah i
leveraged anger
i actually leveraged fear of losing to
this fictitious person
of um them being right
and by the way some of that probably
served me really really well but i don't
know that it was healthy long term so
what about that getting leverage on
yourself idea would you recommend
someone operate out of that space and
talk about your own journey on it
i would recommend you use the resources

15
00:14:00.000 --> 00:15:00.000
you have to create the life you want and
so if the cards that you have dealt
right now are anger and fear and
disappointment then you can either
wallow in those or you can turn
something good out of it and so i mean i
love the saying you can either let life
beat the strength out of you or you can
let it beat it into you
and i think that you can use that you
could put pain you could put
disappointment you could put fear you
could whatever that that life you know
thing is and so it's just a decision of
whether these circumstances are going to
serve me or i'm going to serve them and
so i think that whatever your raw
materials are a lot of people
lament what cards they're dealt but you
don't have control over those cards you
only have control of how you play the
hand and so i think everyone just needs
to move past that
and you know stop the
pissing contest on who had a sadder
upbringing yeah i also think though that
you have to be if you're making progress
you know one of the things that's made
jordan great or brady great is
changing the leverage they get on
themselves so it's not that tom brady
still isn't playing football to prove

16
00:15:00.000 --> 00:16:00.000
the fact that he was a six-round draft
pick
right but this notion that that's what
he gets up every single day that's the
chip on his shoulder anymore is not true
he's now playing for greatness he's
playing because it's his standard yeah
it's praying to so and i find with a lot
of entrepreneurs they don't ever change
the leverage and so
when they get to where they have proved
that fictitious person wrong or they
have gotten to where they are no longer
starving they don't have any mechanism
to drive themselves any further you know
what i'm saying like i do i think a lot
of people are just oblivious to the fact
that you've lost leverage i'm not
motivated anymore i'm not inspired it's
because the old lever you pulled that
worked at one stage you need to now find
jordan used to say listen i play every
day jordan didn't take a bunch of games
off he said because there's a kid in the
stands
who it's the one time he's ever going to
see me play is that night in sacramento
and even though it's the kings i'm going
to play all out because that kid's going
to tell stories about seeing me play
that's different than his motivation his
rookie year to prove he belonged in the
league right entrepreneurs don't find

17
00:16:00.000 --> 00:17:00.000
that new lever you obviously have
i
so i don't i've made some content on
that specific thing that michael jordan
said so i
super resonate on that like that was my
biggest of the whole series that i
watched that was like the point where i
like had to pause and like chew on it um
but it really
made me appreciate like every every
podcast every every opportunity that we
have to share something to really try
and bring it rather than
call it in you know what i mean um but
yeah for me my
my leverage has changed i think i was
really angry um younger and ver more
fearful than angry me um just really
just the idea of the disappointment and
him being right was just like unbearable
him being dead yeah yeah isn't it do you
think i think that um
anger is typically the manifestation of
fear
and so i when i say angry i wasn't
throwing chairs all the time or anything
like that but there was this almost like
game day intensity type anger every day
of the way i approached my life in my
business so let's just touch on it since

18
00:17:00.000 --> 00:18:00.000
we've gone there for a minute because
everyone has these different things that
move them but as i get it your dad was a
doctor and just no matter what you
freaking did
it was just never good enough right it
was just hey man you got you got a 99 on
the spelling test what was up with the
one you missed right or you know i've
made millions of dollars dead yeah but
you're a vanderbilt magna [ __ ] laude
why aren't you a brain surgeon or a
neuro or whatever right so this was a
driving mechanism for you
has it has it been resolved now and i
think a lot of people can relate to this
i'm going to prove my parents wrong i'm
going to prove this hater wrong i'm
going to prove this friend of mine wrong
yes it has been resolved i think it you
know it i kept leveling up the ante of
like i would make as much as my dad i
want to make more than my dad i want to
make more than my dad's ever made his
entire life
like you know all of those kind of like
points and then once that had once i i
thought it was beyond contestation it
was undeniable and that was the i mean
that was my first goals like i wanted to
be beyond reproach i didn't want there

19
00:18:00.000 --> 00:19:00.000
to be a pause or whisper or hesitation
in saying you won
and so
after transitioning from that it was
like i but i didn't have a gap in in in
motivation though to be honest
yeah okay so yeah i didn't i didn't
really have a gap from there it was just
what else can i do and how big can this
get and i want to see what life looks
like when we're there i think that's the
separator though i think most do and i
think the reason you've had multiple
exits and then you decided okay i'm
gonna get into social media and then
you've been good at that right i think
that that's because you haven't had the
gap but i think you'd agree with me vast
majority of people listening to this
either have not become successful yet or
get to a particular level
and they bought their time back and then
they do nothing with it yeah like what
you said they just can't find that that
starvation fear thing that they had when
they were broke
they just don't have it now that they're
eating you know they can go to mastros
and have dinner and get a glass of wine
once in a while right and they go okay
that was it and i think part of that is
because it was always this place to get
away from
and also that it's not become a standard

20
00:19:00.000 --> 00:20:00.000
like for me i think often in life we
don't know we what do you get your goal
or not as a material you're going to get
your standard long term so i'm always
evaluating what my standard is and for
me that standard is i want to be
excellent
i want to be great i also want to
contribute and i know that
i was on my show recently rory vaden he
said something that's probably never
going to leave me the rest of my life he
says you're best equipped and capable of
helping the person you used to be oh
yeah but what
where what i heard was that's why it's
incumbent upon me to keep growing and
changing so that there are previous
versions of me of people that i can help
like i look at you and i
there's a part of me when i was studying
your stuff i'm like i'd like to become
close to this duke so i think i can help
him because i've been the 32 year old
successful dude you've got a great wife
that you talk about all the time i want
to watch you the next 20 years like
legit change the planet
because i think you have the drive and
the intellect and the experience to do
it so but speaking of that time the next
20 years
i have this debate with my friends all
the time and i'm like so if you could

21
00:20:00.000 --> 00:21:00.000
give up all your money but you could get
10 years back in your life would you do
it would you go back to 15 years old
again in this interest i'm diving into
your stuff and you literally said i
would easily i think you said correct me
if i'm wrong i would give up all of my
money
to get 10 years back and be 22 years old
again is that accurate because you're
nodding but we're on audio okay and then
and then you also connect it to what the
next 10 years also
means or doesn't mean to you yeah
everyone like just get ready for this
answer right here because it's awesome
go ahead well i um i play with time a
lot in terms of like when i think
through decisions and so i was thinking
about my 85 year old self and i do think
that i'll be a billionaire multi
multi-billionaire just looking on the
math if i don't change anything right
now um and i know that that man looking
back at me today would trade everything
he has to be 32 again and not only just
32 again he'd be 32 and picking up trash
having nothing i know that i would trade
all my wealth to do that and so to the
same degree if i were to look 10 years
into the future i know that that 42 year

22
00:21:00.000 --> 00:22:00.000
old would trade everything he has to be
my age again
and so it forced me to take a new look
at what i was supposedly sacrificing
time etc for
for something that i know that i would
willingly trade back to have the moment
and so it made me experience the present
in
through old eyes anew
oh my gosh
and what's that mean does that mean that
you choose what you're doing more
carefully does it mean you're more
present in the moment what what is it
how does that apply and manifest itself
this is something that i think a lot
about me too um
so i so caleb's probably not in the back
um i call the grandfather frame um
because
give me two minutes
so
so there's something called the frame of
the veteran which is if you're really
upset about something if you imagine
that that thing were to happen a
thousand times in a row every single day
all of a sudden it starts to become
immaterial because it's just how you
expected it to be it's always this way
if every time you go to traffic it's
always an hour you're not going to get
as upset about if you know that happens
every single day and so it's called the

23
00:22:00.000 --> 00:23:00.000
frame of the veteran and so that was
really good for helping me decrease
stress earlier on in my entrepreneurial
career i used that frame but i was like
i wonder if i can think of a different
frame that would allow me to experience
gratitude because it's something that
i've struggled a lot with i'm just not
an inherently like i don't five minute
journal every day like i'm just not that
guy
um and so
when i think about my 85 year old self
waking up in a body that doesn't hurt
right and i wake up to my wife and i
look at her and i'm like and she's so
young because i'm 85 and i'm coming back
to revisit this moment and i'm thinking
about the problems that i'm experiencing
in the business i'm like how cool is
this i remember when i was doing this
stuff and experiencing these little
problems like this is cute you know what
i mean and it just gives me it gives me
this huge veil of like
serenity for lack of a better term
to experience the moment through
different eyes and then to the same
degree when it comes to like the rush
and etc of like growing the business and
whatnot
i think what it does is it's almost like
an occam's razor of focus of like what
are the few things that matter most
right now are we truly helping the
customer because when i'm 85 i'm not

24
00:23:00.000 --> 00:24:00.000
going to care nearly as much about the
money i made but the people i helped and
so i think it keeps the main thing the
main thing and it allows at least for me
and i want to be very clear
i try to keep this frame at the at the
forefront of my mind and i practice it
and it takes time and i you know i catch
myself getting i'm like hey i was 85 in
this moment how would i think about this
and then it reframes the whole situation
just like the frame of the veteran does
and so i'll tell you a short tactical
story of this so this is gonna sound
really lame but i had a cat and it was
two years old and my wife and i loved
the cat really cool dude anyways he died
had some weird heart thing and i thought
to myself he's two years old
what if i had expected that he was only
going to live six months i was like what
if that was what all cats normally only
lived was six months and i got him four
times longer than that period of time
and so it shifted my likes my my sorrow
into gratitude for just all this extra
time i got to have with this little cat
now you could take cat you can make it
whatever you want but like that
reframing things has allowed me to
decrease my emotional reactivity to

25
00:24:00.000 --> 00:25:00.000
circumstances so that i can make better
decisions in the present around people
business etc and so that served me well
i am blown away that a 32 year old has
those thoughts
but i love you because
i've been having those thoughts all my
life
my dad died about a year maybe two years
soon and i actually moved it to one more
day not my 85 year old self but if i had
one more day
how much more grateful would i be for
this challenge i'm going through right
now or this moment where they walk
through because i too
uh struggle with gratitude
actually i struggle with being present
and i i love these conversations on the
show because
i actually built this bizarre gratitude
muscle where i was actually more
grateful for the thing i was dreaming
about that i didn't have than when i
actually got it totally got it you know
what i mean 100 yeah and like that's not
cool way to live because you're always
not where you are you're always
projecting i'm like i would get more
excited and more turned on about what i
had not yet done that i know i'm going
to do than the actual very thing i was
doing
right and now when i put it through that
one last day yeah i go this is pretty

26
00:25:00.000 --> 00:26:00.000
awesome right now what would i give on
that last day for this moment right now
driving out here
today
i had a conversation with myself about
the things i want to be doing
now in my life because of this question
i asked myself and it was interesting i
was like
if i had to choose would i actually
drive if i were choosing would i drive
out and do the show today with you and i
have one other show and the answer today
was yes
but lately there have been certain
things that i was doing
that i needed to do when i was young and
coming through that i no longer need to
do and that valuation is really really
healthy i'm going to give you the
contrast now of your content so we've
gone to this
not pollyanna but conceptual thinking
but then you have this thing called the
everyday urgency blueprint so i love the
concepts of time because there's people
you know they're just like very
spiritual long-term thinking almost
esoteric and conceptual thinking and
then there's like the day-to-day what
the heck do you do to get to where you
can afford
these thoughts and conversations you and
i have so what is the everyday urgency

27
00:26:00.000 --> 00:27:00.000
blueprint because this is some good
stuff right here i'm really good you
know it's it's the it's the chopping of
wood it's the taking out the water we
call it do the boring work which is
repeating successful actions over and
over again if it worked once it'll work
again and more times than not people do
something it works and they think oh i
should change it yes when
so one of the big concepts that i preach
at least in business is that
simple scales fancy fails and so the
idea is how can we take something like
with scale comes complexity we do not
need to add complexity to a system if
you take a hundred phone calls today and
you turn into ten thousand phone calls a
day there is inherent complexity that
gets added because you have more
communication lines from different
people you have systems that have to
organize it etc etc and so we don't need
to go do more fancy things if we simply
do the volume the complexity will come
and so we don't need to add the
additional variable variable of
complexity to scale it happens on its
own and so
simplicity so thinking through the razer
of simplicity creates a forcing function

28
00:27:00.000 --> 00:28:00.000
of
you remove all other things besides
volume to the equation so it's like i
can either sell more units or make them
worth more that's it that's all we can
do to make more money and so always
thinking through that frame of if we're
trying to grow the business
do more of the thing right right or make
the thing expense more expensive or
worth more to the customer so we can
charge more and ultimately make more per
customer and so anyways that has been
always like the to the rubber meeting
the road of the the grandfather frame of
gratitude down to like you have to do
the stuff that makes the money yep um by
doing more of that i think that duality
is super powerful so that's why i wanted
to stack them we're talking about other
stacks in a minute to
stack them back to back because
i think you can hold two thoughts at one
time i think you can have this concept
about your life where you want to
reflect on the final days yet have
tremendous freaking urgency in the
moment right and and have concepts that
move the needle every single day of your
life why do i say that
i think there's two types of people
right now on the planet there's the
seminar goer person who's all in the

29
00:28:00.000 --> 00:29:00.000
thoughts in the clouds about reflection
and energy and this and that and the
other thing
and frankly they're not getting around
to making their life matter day to day
then there's the people that you and i
used to be which is we're making our
life matter every single day
but we have none of the energy the
spirituality the concepts of time in our
life and so i think the duality the
complexity of those two things the
contradictions
is what makes this conversation the most
valuable
now i want to talk about
what you're going to add one thing to
that please so i i i in in the comments
on youtube and things like that i know
that a lot of people struggle with that
concept and so i want to give a
different example that i think might
drive this home
you already do believe multiple
contradictory things at the same time
you believe in justice and you believe
in mercy
you believe in variety you believe in
consistency and so there are these these
these yins and yangs that exist and it's
not to say that the white part of the
inning or the black part of the is right
it's understanding the middle path and i
think wisdom is knowing
when to do what
and so it's when am i using justice

30
00:29:00.000 --> 00:30:00.000
versus mercy it's not that justice is
right and mercy is wrong or mercy is
right and justice is wrong the wisdom is
allows us to walk in the gray and be
comfortable and and select which is
appropriate for the moment oh brother so
good yesterday i was coaching someone
who
used to lead a pretty big country a big
one and um and we had this conversation
he said you know when i was really at my
most productive i operated out of fear
often and now i'm constantly forcing
myself to operate out of gratitude and
abundance and all these other things
and i said sir
the truth of the matter is it's knowing
when to select those mechanisms fear is
not necessarily a negative emotion it's
the abundance of it that can become
negative or too much of it but if you
never leverage fear heck fear helped me
prepare for this podcast today i don't
want it to bomb i want it to do great
right so there's there's leverage in
everything and wisdom truly is i love
what you just said of knowing which
lever to pull when and no one knowing
when the right part of it applies so
good man again i'm sitting here in front
of a 32 year old i don't mean to i you

31
00:30:00.000 --> 00:31:00.000
know for a lot of people listen to this
they're like 32 is old i'm 23 right so i
want to make sure that i don't use my
own age bias but the same time i think i
had many of these thoughts when i was
your age but i certainly don't have the
ability to articulate them like you do
and i'm super super impressed i just
want to acknowledge you because you're
serving millions of people right now
also i think you could serve them with
parts of your story they don't know
um there are people listening this right
now that are are failing they're they're
bleeding money and maybe they've just
had a business shut down or the last two
years has wiped them out a little bit or
they're they're looking right now going
all right
i'm gonna have to make a pivot
so you're a guy who had a lot of success
building gyms
it's really really going well as i
understand it you go over the next one
you pour all the juice from all the
profits into the next one and you go
bust so there was a point where this man
that i'm talking to you right now by the
way not that long ago
was busted you were broke what did you
do
when you were on your ass were you on
your ass mentally ever or was it just a
physical being broke and then what did
you do to make a move because there's a
lot of people right now right where you
were
i just focused on the controllable

32
00:31:00.000 --> 00:32:00.000
so there was a lot of things that i felt
like i could not control or that were
circumstantial etc and so it's just it
was kind of like the simplicity thing of
like what are the few levers that i have
at my disposal and at the time i was
like i know how to market and i know how
to sell and so that's what i'm gonna do
and so i
i
the the story is crazy but um i had a
credit card left from all the businesses
that i had sold and then
lost all the money but i still had the
credit card and amex thank god had not
actually changed my credit limit so i
had a hundred thousand dollar credit
card
and i wanted to launch gym launch which
was like this turnaround business where
we'd fly out to gyms and so we had six
guys that i had already recruited and i
thought this cash was going to be there
and it wasn't and so i put 3 300 a day
on a credit card and i only had a
thousand dollars in my bank account and
so every day i was becoming thirty three
hundred dollars poor and when we started
that i didn't even have a payment
processor because we got shut down and
that was where the extra money was
supposed to come from and so we were we
were doing you know i had it was 3300 a
day in hotels airfare

33
00:32:00.000 --> 00:33:00.000
ad spend rental car per diem food for
all the sales guys who are out on the
road like doing the gym turnarounds and
i could not process the money that they
were sending contracts over from and so
i'm seeing these contracts stack in
stack and stack and i had no way to
process it and i'm just watching this
debt bill go up and then um
and i got a processor the last week of
the month and it was only for 50 grand
and we had like three hundred thousand
dollars in contracts and i had a hundred
thousand expenses but he was like hey
it's per month which means on the first
of next month you can run another 50.
and so i ran 50 on like the 28th of
january and then i ran 50 on february
1st i got two more that week and got us
another 50 so the 250s back-to-back
covered my 100k from the last month and
that was like kind of like the the plane
coming under there's like way more of me
about to lose it like and losing it
again and again after that but
um
i can go as deep on that side as you
want but well like where were you
mentally i mean were you mentally when
this happened you're like my dad was
right he's got me or were you like still
i'm gonna prove him wrong oh i was so i
had made the decision that i would

34
00:33:00.000 --> 00:34:00.000
either die um or i would succeed
and so i didn't know when it would
happen i just figured if i continued so
i i so if there's one thing for the
audience if anyone who's going through
it right now like one of the the thing
that i would re the refrain the repeat
repeated message that i had to myself
over and over again was
i cannot lose if i do not quit
and so it was that was under my control
then when i talk about like controlling
the controllable like i could choose not
to quit and so if i could just have that
then it meant it was like this tiny
little thing is like if i don't quit i
didn't lose it just means i still get to
play and when you think about like i
think i can't remember aristotle's or
plato but he says like you shouldn't
judge a man until the day he dies
and so you know you have an amazing life
and then the last five years like
everything goes when you get executed
publicly it's like wow would people say
to good life or bad life like you only
judge after the man is dead and so i
also think about that within my own life
now like when you think about like
what's the leverage for the next
for the next chapter it's like well i'm
not dead yet and so i got to keep going
because that's what you know that's what

35
00:34:00.000 --> 00:35:00.000
we're going to look back on and so i had
this little thing that i could protect
which is my willpower and it's just like
if i do not quit
i cannot lose and so i was so afraid of
losing that just not quitting became the
one thing and so
if i just kept moving one foot at
another one phone cough or another one
sales appointment after another i knew
that if i did that long enough
eventually it would turn around and i
could
myself out of this situation yeah
wow i i'm blown away because
i have equated only losing with quitting
all of my life and the reason for that
is i just want to share because we're
going back and forth
well my dad my dad was an alcoholic when
he got sober i said dad are you never
going to drink again he goes i can't
promise you that i'm just going to quit
for one more day i'm not going to drink
for one more day and many many times in
my business i'm like i can't i am
incapable mentally right now saying i'm
never going to quit that's a like
80-year decision based on a bunch of
crap right now but i can decide not to
quit for one more day
and that means i have not yet lost i

36
00:35:00.000 --> 00:36:00.000
literally equated quitting with losing
and so no matter how behind in the score
i was
i had not officially lost the game the
clock has not run out until i go i quit
yeah and so i was still in the game so
this this concept i just
i love when someone says stuff and i put
it through my life barometer my meter
i'm like nope i did that you're exactly
right i know someone who did that you're
exactly right what a great answer now
you're talking a lot about stacks by the
way can you guys if we have a show by
the way this moves this quickly through
stuff before like bam bam bam let me get
more in your brain let me get more in
your i almost feel like i'm using you
today you know i mean like i'm just
working this dude through the whole show
but it's great to have somebody on that
i could just keep working for my
audience because this is my family
sometimes when you're talking to
something like all right let me help you
along here with this with you i'm just
like go go go give them that one give
them that one give them that one and i
love that about you
the stack stuff is super cool to me
and i love the terminology used so now
we're gonna move a little bit back over
to marketing and branding and all that
kind of stuff

37
00:36:00.000 --> 00:37:00.000
you have this thing called the scarcity
stack i'm a big believer in this i just
literally did a real estate deal based
on the premise that you teach now i
would i didn't call it this
but i don't think people get the concept
here at all and i think it's it's one of
the lost art forms in marketing and you
describe it in a modern way so what's
the scarcity stack so
if we think about all exchanges as
as forces between supply and demand
right within a marketplace and i think
the the more cycles i have in
entrepreneurship and i understand that
i'm still young in the game um the
greater and greater appreciation i have
for those simple two forces of supply
and demand and what's interesting is
that you you can influence demand or you
can artificially stimulate demand by by
marketing stuff by making increasing
awareness about your thing right and so
more people find out about it so your
demand goes up and so that artificially
shifts this the demand curve in your
favor and so you sell more stuff right
the other side is not nearly as well
used and i think is almost as powerful

38
00:37:00.000 --> 00:38:00.000
if not more powerful than the demand
side which is how can i cut supply and
the first time i really saw this happen
in person was i was at an arnold
schwarzenegger charity event um at his
house and
uh i was they wanted to introduce me
some of the big donors because we're big
donors and um the guy was a jewelry like
mega dude right and so he and he was
like a
first generation from serbia hard dude
like but he sold like you know 500 000
watches things like that
and um they had just raised the prices
for the charity event from 15 000 to 25
000.
and the charity organizer who made the
introduction was like yeah we listened
to george he told us to do this thing i
was a little nervous about it and he
just said it so matter-of-factly he said
whenever demand increases he said cut
supply
and when you look at what chanel and
louis vuitton and some of these all
these luxury brands do is like they are
masters of scarcity and so
when you can get someone into a fomo
situation where they fear missing out
you can actually trigger this incredibly
emotional decision and what happens is

39
00:38:00.000 --> 00:39:00.000
you decrease the action threshold and so
you have a person who normally wouldn't
take action and so the scarcity the fear
of missing out on this opportunity
decreases their threshold of taking
action and they
they walk across the line and if you use
this
concept of scarcity and use it within
your business where
the way i like to think about it is that
so whoever's listening right now if you
have a business or even if you're if
you're a salesman whatever if you were
to 100x your volume tomorrow you
probably couldn't handle it and so there
is an actual cap on your business as it
currently stands you're just not
articulating it because you're afraid of
saying well if i can only take 10 people
then they'll think i'm a small business
or whatever but if you said i only take
10 people even though it is your actual
cap it has a very different feel to it
and what happens is you now actually
pace your business at a point where you
don't over over extend yourself and you
create a stronger pool of the customers
into your world
i'm just looking at you i don't want you
to stop i'm sure you know when i'm

40
00:39:00.000 --> 00:40:00.000
looking at you like that it's not i want
you to stop i just
it's brilliant and it's totally true and
the the to the extent that here's what i
like
if you can listen to the concept stuff
and then do the hard work those of you
that are listening or watching this to
the application in your business so this
scares the idea you go no no i'm in the
protein business so
we have unlimited amounts of protein but
maybe the scarcity isn't the product the
scarcity is the time
meaning that if they don't hurry up and
start doing it every day they fall back
like saving money if you're in the
financial services business no no
there's plenty of these contracts for
investments or insurance yeah but every
day they don't move forward there's a
scarcity of time that they can make up
for with the compounding of money so the
getting the concept of fomo or the the
limiting amount of it or how few people
do it
absolutely increases value proposition
so so so good it's a for for the
salesman in the room or in the room
right um think about it in terms of the
opportunity cost or the cost of inaction
and so the nice thing is that you'll
always have a cost of an action that's
amounting and so that will typically

41
00:40:00.000 --> 00:41:00.000
stack in your favor as the salesman with
every second that passes and so all we
have to do is direct the prospect's
attention to the cost that is already
happening but they are just not aware of
or focusing on and so we just direct the
attention and then all of a sudden what
was non-existent becomes a problem and
so you see this in politics all the time
whatever they are talking about more
becomes the hot topic of the election
but it's only because they're putting
attention to it not because people
actually care more or less about it
right they're telling us that we should
care more or less about it by the
attention they're putting towards it
right and so this is the media or
masters of this and by the way these
things work so well everyone that you
have to leverage them ethically yeah
this is one of things i just want to say
up front because these concepts of
scarcity and fomo it has to be ethically
stated and truthfully stated because
long term if you push these levers the
wrong way you'll destroy your reputation
if there's not a factual basis for what
you're describing okay a couple more
stacks i'll give you a q oh no please so
so there's there's two elements of
trying to create fomo um besides like

42
00:41:00.000 --> 00:42:00.000
risk reversal is a whole another thing
with guarantees and things like that but
there's scarcity which is a function of
the number of units
and then there is uh urgency which is a
function of time and so a lot of people
say scarcity and urgency they don't know
the difference between the two and so
urgency is it doesn't matter how many
units i have the deal ends tomorrow yes
right and so
if you can't introduce that and so i'll
give you an example of like well we have
protein it's like well you have protein
but i may have a valentine's day special
that is ending this week and then next
month i might have a spring special but
the thing is is when i'm articulating to
a prospect i can say hey
this particular promotion ends tomorrow
or ends in two days like you should get
this starter to get get your loan
application in because like i can't
guarantee that as soon as we get into
the spring
spring time we're going to have the same
things right and then with uh with the
scarcity component uh it's a function of
units and what we were saying earlier um
there's always a way to think about it
like with the protein like i thought of
a different example i thought of flavors
i was like oh just have a limited flavor
protein is going to be here but this
particular flavor will not be and so
it's like you can always or you can put

43
00:42:00.000 --> 00:43:00.000
scarcity in terms of the bonuses you add
so it's like hey i have proteins and
they're all vanilla i was like but for
this month
i'm going to be adding a free workout or
a free workout template or a nutrition
template that i'm going to add with my
protein which i'm not going to be
giving next so it's so then what you can
do is you create these additional value
ads which no one else is doing and then
with the additional value add you both
add value and create scarcity at the
same time to urge the person to take
action very good so
please don't be sorry because that's
informative even for me listen to me
everyone this is this i told you you're
gonna get stuff on today's show
this is why i do the show by the way i
want to provide a value and a depth of
insight between two people communicating
that you wouldn't get anywhere else
based on their experiences and here's
the thing on this listen to me everybody
it is your ability to take these
concepts that are absolutely surefire
and find the applications in your own
life get them with your team as well
i have to tell you in business i have
found that the principles are sort of
enduring over time this fomo concept or
scarcity concept is as old as time

44
00:43:00.000 --> 00:44:00.000
technology
timing marketing changes the application
and the mechanism of which you deliver
it but this is not a new idea it's new
idea for 99.9 percent of you because
nobody nobody talks about these things
anymore
because they haven't done the hard work
of how does this apply now how does this
apply now warren buffett you and i both
still take advice from a guy who is
double my age and i'm already old
because the principles that this dude
teaches are timeless it's our ability to
apply them now that separates us in our
life trim and stack hack what the heck
is that i wrote it down because it's a
cool term
so when we're when we're thinking and
this is this is if you have more control
over the services that you're selling
yeah so this tends to be a little bit
more on the service side you can still
think through it from an e-commerce side
but i'm just gonna apply this to service
because easier so
the first thing that we like to do when
we're when we're thinking about creating
a new product line or when i say a new
service line we think about what are all
the problems that our prospects are

45
00:44:00.000 --> 00:45:00.000
suffering from and what are the things
that are coming up on sales calls that
they're saying they're struggling with
or they wish that we could solve for
them and so we think about and the way
to think through this is
tactically what has to happen step by
step by step and there's a hundred mini
steps like you think oh yeah we do these
two things if you really chunk down and
zoom in and
and look at it's like well they first
they have to click this thing and then
they have to integrate their whatever
and then they like there's all these
micro steps and so we list out all of
these problems and then we translate
those problems into solutions yeah and
so we word it as solution wording to the
problem that we are solving and then
once we have okay this is these are all
the problems that we're now solving
these are the solutions okay now how do
we deliver on these solutions so we can
think about this in terms of like we
could have we could have a portal that
does a training we could do some sort of
one-to-many thing we could have a
semi-private or small group we could
have it be in person we could have it be
remote we could have it be a phone call
we could have it be a chat support so i
have something called a delivery cube
which kind of goes with this in terms of
how you get into levels of service um
so on one level of the cube you have

46
00:45:00.000 --> 00:46:00.000
what is the ratio of the people so like
like i said one to one a small group one
to many you have the uh speed of
response so it's like is this going to
be uh we respond instantly or is it so
we respond in 24 hours or we respond by
the end of the week is it um something
that we have uh and then is the quality
of the service are you gonna just get a
frontline support rep or are you going
to get a vip you know concierge
and then the medium of that service
which is is it zoom is it in person is
it a phone call whatever um and so
there's a cube and i go in more detail
about it but when you're thinking
through this you think through those
variables how you're going to deliver
the solution and so we have the problems
we have the solutions and then we think
about how we're going to deliver the
solutions okay there we are now when we
think about that we then write what's
the cost of delivering this solution
and so then we we look at all of those
things and we say okay if we had to
prioritize just the ones that these
people find extremely valuable
and that are low cost for us
what if we just combined all of those
and then took out the rest of them so
all the things that provide tremendous

47
00:46:00.000 --> 00:47:00.000
value and
happen at very little or no incremental
cost to us and then that is what we will
package together and then we'll bundle
that whole thing as a much bigger
problem-solving solution and so then
then when you put those things together
and then you add some scarcity you add
some bonuses
you decrease the risk with some sort of
guarantee if you can if you add some
sort of urgency around acting then you
have what i would consider a very
compelling offer and if you have a
compelling offer it makes it very
difficult to be poor because
because what happens is when you make
offers that people feel stupid saying no
to they tend to say yes and when people
tend to say yes to offers you have you
tend to make more money and if you did
it and you designed your offer in a way
that that you provide a lot of value and
it costs you very little to do it you
make lots and lots of money and so that
is the idea and we try to repeat that
action as many times as we possibly can
yes that's sort of business yeah nobody
when you step back and look at it you
take these very complicated things and
make them simple and to you it's like
yeah but what you just described is
actually called four years of business
in college right distilled into like 90
seconds because that's exactly how
business works i have this other theory

48
00:47:00.000 --> 00:48:00.000
right now that's gone by the wayside in
business and it just blows my mind
and that is like at the end of the day
i want my existing clients to send me or
customers to more clients and customers
and it and of all of this stuff it's
like i i'm blown away by how little time
and i mean like almost none with
independent contractors or big old
companies spend on the product
and the in the client or customer
experience with you
what did i feel what energy did i get
that would make me want to tell someone
else you should have the same experience
i had they spend all this time on
everything other than that thing which
is the only thing that will cause your
business to grow without your effort
afterwards so i want you to talk about
that this is like my favorite topic okay
very excited about this okay so uh i'm
gonna quote involve robicon because i
love this quote he says you only sell
because you don't know how to market and
you only market because you don't know
how to build a product
and so the idea is and so

49
00:48:00.000 --> 00:49:00.000
if
let's break down things to the basic
units right there's there's only five
ways you can get more customers number
one is you reach out to people privately
so you cold call cold dm cold email
whatever right the next one is that you
make content that attracts people to you
they find your stuff they discover it
right the third is that you um run paid
ads
right and then um
the fourth is that you get affiliates
and partners who
who are other businesses to serve people
like your customers and refer them to
you
and then finally customers tell other
customers yes so here's what's
interesting is that if you think about
when we talked about leverage so this is
gonna come full circle which is great
the first four that i discussed have
linear they are linear in nature meaning
if i make 10 more dials i can predict
how many customers i'm going to get from
that 10 more reach outs or i spend 10
more dollars on ads or i make another
piece of content it's there it's
relatively predictable in terms of
what's going to come back it is a linear
equation

50
00:49:00.000 --> 00:50:00.000
you add more in you get more out with a
quadratic equation you get a an
exponential and unfortunately the
entrepreneurial space people are like
exponential they say it a lot but they
don't know what it means they really
just means it multiplies which is not
what exponential is um but
with a referral or a customer telling
another customer one person tells two
two tell four four tell eight and so one
of the difficulties that i see a lot of
businesses get into is they get to three
million or they get to 10 million to 30
million especially like consumer
products
um
there are constants in business one is
that the cost of acquiring customer will
go up over time because impressions will
cost more money and you'll have more
operational um drag on your business and
so if those two are constants
then you have to have an opposing force
that is going that cannot be linear in
nature that's going to contradict that
and so if you are in a consumer-based
business the only one that can that can
counteract a one-way direction of
increasing cost of impressions and
infrastructure is the decreasing cost of
acquisition because every time you get a
customer that customer brings you to
more customers

51
00:50:00.000 --> 00:51:00.000
and so that is like the great equalizer
in business and i had a first-hand
experience with this
recently with the book the offers book
because i made one post about it one and
i didn't have a following a year two
years you know whenever i put these a
year ago um and that book
from what i understand it sold more than
new york times bestsellers i just didn't
do the politics thing um but right now
it sold over 200 000 copies in the first
year and i have no paid ads i have no
anything it was just because people were
like dude you should check this book out
yeah um and so
i say that to say like if you nail that
piece
everything else gets easier and it's
much harder
it's easier to market and make money in
the beginning and then harder
to fix it once you have a bad product
the reverse is also true is that it's
harder to spend more time in the
beginning fixing the product but then
when you scale it's easier and so the
question is whether you want it to be
hard to break through and this may not
be real for some of you but like once
you get to a 10 million enterprise like
it gets very difficult to break through
that barrier if the product's not that
good that's right and it's much harder
to take the time and effort to fix the

52
00:51:00.000 --> 00:52:00.000
product and i'm gonna do quick segue
here because this happens all the time
so
when this is just at least our
experience so the portfolio comes we
have um
what got you to you know one or three
million is not necessarily what gets you
to 10 million and 30 million because in
the beginning you need to sell something
to someone that you have to promote it
you have to promote the stuff you have
otherwise no one knows about you and
you're
obscure and so people have to buy it
where people make the mistake is that
they get this positive reinforcement
from the fact that they market and sold
and think i need to do more of that and
i'm going to say yes you will but just
not at this moment because at this point
is actually a pause point and the goal
is not to even necessarily make tons of
profit at this point the goal is to fix
the product such that you start to
generate a significant amount of
business from referrals until that
occurs there's no point in adding more
gas to the acquisition engine because
you're basically just setting yourself
up for failure at a later point that
will then reach a point of equilibrium
where the only way to grow is to sell
more people and at some point you will
run out of people to sell depending on
the niche that you're that you're going
after and so the idea is to actually

53
00:52:00.000 --> 00:53:00.000
alternate so you focus on the
acquisition in the beginning you get one
i would always say one product one
avatar one channel that's what you have
to do to get to one to three million and
so at that point then you fix the
product and if you fix the product you
will sneeze your way to 10 million
without doing anything else and then
once you're at 10 if you have fixed the
product and the customer experience such
that you have a large percentage of your
business come from word of mouth
now you've extended the ltv the customer
you have increased gross profit per
customer that you can now spend
profitably and out-compete everyone else
who just wanted to bulldoze their way to
10 million with a lower ltv and then you
can go crush them on every other channel
that they're on and then you go back and
say hey we're going to build a cold
email team hey we're going to build a
cold call team hey we're going to build
a payday same hey we're going to build
affiliate partners and channel partners
and you can do that because you have so
much [ __ ] extra profit per customer
because you spent the time up front to
fix it and make it good and you'll sleep
better yep and you've got proof of
concept so you just scale the crap out
of it yeah um no one's ever said that on
my show no one's ever said that to me
about the pause part in the middle
and um one of the most insightful

54
00:53:00.000 --> 00:54:00.000
really you would have had to have
already done something significant in
your life type breakthrough thoughts
that someone's ever shared on the show
and i almost want to move it to the very
beginning of the show because it's so
important i hope everybody stuck around
for that i got one last question for you
first i like you a lot i respect you a
lot tell us where they can find you but
then i got a better question for you at
the end uh the game podcast alex remozy
that's if you like podcast that's the
easiest thing if you like videos we're
on youtube really big and if you like
short stuff
if you type my name on whatever social
media channel you'll probably find me
um
you i told everybody this would fly by
by probably the fastest show i've ever
done
really the fastest show i've ever done
before
curious and i don't even know what
you're gonna answer so we go all the way
back you're this kid being raised by
this uh
dad uh that's pretty demanding dude
uh smart dude all these options go to
vanderbilt crush it by the way in the
middle there had a dui had some stuff
happen that wasn't really good that i
read about and you've turned it around
business failures then
tons of success then multiple exits and

55
00:54:00.000 --> 00:55:00.000
then obviously this
really unique way of looking at business
that's accurate by the way
but you've worked really really hard
and you've sacrificed a lot of things in
your life you're still very young but i
grabbed you at 32. i'm curious if it was
worth it and i want you to be honest
like if you had to do it again would you
do all this stuff again or would you
have done something differently if you
could go back those 10 years give up all
your money like okay you're back you're
22 again you're just getting out of
college yeah so i took all your money
from you which was our proposition
earlier would you go do all of this
again or would you live a different life
i wouldn't do all of this again i would
do all of this better but i would do i
would live this life i mean the moment
you asked the question i was like the
yes was in my throat just waiting to for
you to finish
uh the question but like
i'll i'll be a little crude um balls to
bones um
through and throw like this is
this is what i love it's my
it's
it's my it's it's it's what i love i
mean i draw pictures about business i
write books about business i make videos

56
00:55:00.000 --> 00:56:00.000
about business i do business every day
if somebody doesn't have a business it's
difficult for me to be friends with them
um because we have so little shared
context not because it's their fault but
because i have nothing else that i that
i do in my life and so they want to talk
about biking and i'm like that sounds
cool for you i have no interest and
people like what's your hobby and i'm
like i don't have any and i'm cool with
that and so i
i took me a while to just accept that
that's okay
and so i 100 would do what i do i love
what i do this is the most fun thing in
the entire world and uh
the deeper i get in business the more i
want to live a long time
and that was something that i didn't
have earlier on in my life and so
i just there's just so much i want to do
that i just i just i that's you know
it's like i crammed a lot in 10 years
i'm like i just there's so much cool
stuff and i
i want to do it all you know as much
within this world that you know that we
have i can't wait to watch you do it
you're outstanding brother thanks
they're outstanding
i really enjoyed today a great deal and

57
00:56:00.000 --> 00:57:00.000
you're gonna come back on i don't know
when but we're gonna have you back on
because there's like 19 other hours we
could be doing today so make sure you
guys follow alex and hey everyone make
sure you get my book the power of one
more it's number one book in the world
still right now
and please share the show we're the
number one growing show in the world for
a reason which is because you guys share
it and i bring the best people on every
single week and i get the best out of
them when we communicate because all of
you mean so much to me i love all of you
and i want you to continue to max out
your lives god bless you
[Music]
you

